On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season.	We sure miss you in the White House.You guys are an incredible family.God bring you peace and blessings throughout this coming year.
Wearing a Santa hat helps, too.	Even wearing a tilted Santa hat.....this is what a president looks and acts like!  Giving to his country, and expecting no return!
I’m about to join a town hall with young people from all over India who are charting the course for a better future. I hope you’ll tune in.	That's great, but please consider holding a similar town hall with young people (or anyone) right here in the ailing USA. We certainly need you in these times.
From the Obama family to yours, we wish you a Happy Thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude.	Thank you, President Obama,  and I wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving also!  We sure do miss all of you❣️
Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to HealthCare.gov and find a plan that meets your needs and your budget. And spread the word so your friends and family can, too.	Thanks to this man I lost my insurance.  Not about to go on welfare like you leeches out there enjoying your "subsidies" to pay for the medical inflation he caused.
Tonight, the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this year’s hurricanes. Join us. Tune in and find out how you can help at OneAmericaAppeal.org.	USA need more Barack Obama leadership and belief in their people.  Great job while you where there only for the world to watch your hardwork come undone.
I feel lucky to spend time with young leaders like these. Keep up the good work, São Paulo.	I am happy when they are now really devoted to the good people in their social environment.A great video.
When I left office, I told you all that the single most important thing I could do would be to help prepare the next generation of leaders to take their own crack at changing the world. The Obama Foundation Fellows program is looking to do just that  train and support civic innovators who are solving problems in their communities in creative and powerful ways. Apply to join our inaugural class of twenty Fellows by Friday, October 6th: www.Obama.org/Fellowship	"the single most important thing I could do would be to help prepare the next generation of leaders to take their own crack"You can stop there. Perfectly put.
I dropped in on Michelle’s talk at the Pennsylvania Conference for Women to deliver a message on our 25th wedding anniversary. Asking you to go out with me is the best decision I ever made. I love you, Michelle.	Made me cry! Everyone deserves to be loved like this - the world would be a better place if they did. Congratulations on your 25th Wedding Anniversary. 🍾💗
Michelle and I want the Obama Foundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. Here's how we're getting started this fall - I hope you'll be a part of it.	President and Mrs. Obama,You and your family are truly the change we wish to see in this world.You lead and inspire always.Thank you!!!
Americans always answer the call. OneAmericaAppeal.org	You and Killary didn't answer the call!So glad your gone!Your being exposed more and more!Drain the swamp!
More ways to help Houston:	Still considering whether to send money to Texas relief.Maybe my humanity will speak to me in a few days.
Tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern Time, President Obama delivers his farewell address in Chicago.Don't miss it.	Trying to stay awake for it.It's late here in Beersheba, Israel.If I fall asleep, gonna surf the web for the speech in it's entirety.
"Our goal wasn't just to make sure more people have coverage—it was to make sure more people have better coverage." —President Obama	You need to realize that life's too short to cry over people that aren't crying over you. So smile and know you have people that love you.
Today marks a crucial step forward in the fight against climate change, as the historic Paris Climate Agreement officially enters into force. Let's keep pushing for progress.	Please establish a Special Prosecutor to investigate who and what was behind FBI Director James Comey's illegal interference into the Presidential election 11 days before the vote was held.
The economic progress we're making is undeniable—and it's up to all of us to keep building an economy that works for all Americans.	this was only done by the actions of Trump.not by Obama.Obama is selling us out while Trump is keeping jobs in America.doesn't take a genius to see the truth.
Obamacare was designed on the principle that health care coverage that's affordable, accessible to all, and free from discrimination should be a right, not a privilege. We can't afford to let opponents roll that back.	Keep Obamacare, and regulate the insurance companies. It's bad enough to have a "pre-existing condition," let alone, not being able to pay for it.
Millions of Americans are benefiting from Obamacare.	Which means, of course, that the insurance rates of others are lower...it isn't perfect, but at least people can consider getting healthcare.
Gracias al Obamacare, es más fácil mantenerse sano con cuidado preventivo.	Gracias señor presidente por ser muy humilde q Dios lo guarde y q siempre tenga esa humildad usted es un gran presidente no como el rasista de trump filiz miercoles
Open enrollment is back—but only for a limited time.	remember school is a non profit busines so student will be paid for there hour of school just a en-cent-ive
Don't be spooked by the headlines—with financial assistance, most people can find coverage for $75 or less. The health care marketplace opens back up tomorrow.	Great...because the whole world should be on financial assistance. Everything will work out fine when people can no longer afford to buy the things they need  by themselves anymore.
Think anyone can top baby Pope this year?	Yes you can top it if you have the balls,and be baby Mohamed!!! Hehe But that would be your last Halloween!!!!
Team Obamacare is pushing back against misinformation and fighting for quality, affordable health care for all Americans.	Team Obamacare is pushing back against misinformation and fighting for quality, affordable health care for all Americans.Thank you so much from in JapanRice
The marketplace opens tomorrow. Are you and your family covered?	Your pumping health care when you need to be doing your job.You and your cohorts can savagely rape the planet another day.
The facts matter. Organizing for Action's Truth Team will deliver them straight to your inbox. http://ofa.bo/2eVnCn5	What you are allowing to happen to native people, will be over you and your family for the rest of your live. "I WISH YOU TO LIVE INTERESTING TIMES".
We must continue to invest in an economy that works for everyone, and not just those at the top. http://ofa.bo/2dLV2H0	You've got to be kidding.Works for everybody?I don't know anyone here that would say the economy is better or their income is anywhere close to adequate.
According to a new report, renewable energy will be the world’s fastest-growing source of electricity over the next five years.This is another great example of how the U.S. is helping lead the fight to act on climate.	the renewable energy is one important issue because this energy of future clean and cheap and friendly of environment also the Brasil number one of production this type of energy.
Open enrollment starts on November 1.	The longest journey starts with the first step. Progress has been made. The policy malleable. Keep on it
Face time.	The longest journey starts with the first step. Progress has been made. The policy malleable. Keep on it
This sun is still rising.	The SUN is still RISING... And, HOPE is still SHINING because of America's greatest President; Barack H. Obama.
Your voice is powerful. Never stop using it.	Mr. President...YOUR voice is powerful, please never stop using it!!!
The Affordable Care Act has helped millions of Americans gain the security and peace of mind that comes with being covered.	All because of you Mr,President people should be greatful instead of puting it down and its the republicans and trust me they use it.
Team Obamacare is making sure millions of Americans stay informed and get covered.	Well that sure was a failure, and cost oh so much.If you want govt run healthcare move to Europe where people die waiting for proper care.Suckers!
Senate leaders continue to stand in the way of a fair Supreme Court nomination process. They need to fulfill their responsibility to the Court and the American people.	If Senate leaders continue to fail to do their jobs, arrest them and put them on trial and impeach them for failure to perform the duties of their office.
2016 has been a big year for global efforts in the fight against climate change.	Practice what you preach...The tpp will put the fight for the environment at a huge disadvantage.
The choice between protecting our planet and building a strong economy is a false one.	Cosi Hofman allow me to highlight: "the choice between protecting our planet and building a strong economy is a false one"
Education is power—that's why First Lady Michelle Obama is fighting to make sure girls across the globe have access to it.	When they are educated they will know how terrible Monsanto is and how your administration did nothing to stop the spread of GMO's. Then What?
The record-breaking heat we've been seeing year after year is contributing to the number of fires that break out, the acreage that burns, and the duration of the season.	biggest threat is that the Forestry Dept. is not allowed to do controlled burns for over 40 years and the over growth accumulated.
We're seeing big progress in the fight against climate change—but we can't slow down the push for action now.	Quite OK & fundamental on the fight against climate change, let hope is not an economic conspiracy just as its may look.
Countries across the globe have united in a groundbreaking agreement to fight climate change—that's what meaningful progress looks like.	Mr presidant obama we cant late in offer truth soultion to climate change majoar countries main players in pouplation
"I’m hopeful that tomorrow’s Americans will be able to look back at what we did—the diseases we conquered, the social problems we solved, the planet we protected for them—and when they see all that, they’ll plainly see that theirs is the best time to be alive."	How can some be so backward and one family be so positive you should lead for eternity President Obama. There just are not enough ways to say Thanks
Another day has gone by without the hearing Judge Garland deserves. Senate leaders' refusal to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable.	26 days from now the lame duck congress may move very quickly to a hearing but the name may be withdrawn.
Senate leaders continue to stand in the way of a fair Supreme Court nomination process. They need to fulfill their responsibility to the Court and the American people.	They just fulfill their responsibility by standing in the way of the process. Instead of posting non-sense, continue to demonstrate your stand are right.
"You know, I think that change happens typically not because somebody on high decides it’s going to happen, but rather because at a grassroots level enough people come together that they force the system to change." —President ObamaWatch the President speak at a town hall at North Carolina A&T State University in Greensboro. http://ofa.bo/2dcZtW5	That's what is happening in the Philippines, grassroots came together because they want the system to change!
"When many seats on the bench are empty and caseloads are heavy, justice is delayed."	I only hope people are starting to see the republicans for the obstructionists they are and replace them in this election.
America's economic progress, challenges, and opportunities—straight from the President's desk.	ALgerien's economic progress, challenges, and opportunities—straight from the President's (boutefLi9à) desk. ééh na3diin LihouuD hihihi
We can't afford to slow down our efforts to fight against climate change.	America's free air/clean air has helped shift all our high paying "polluter" jobs to countries that will NOT regulate it. Way to go.
No American family should be trapped by high-cost loans that they can't escape.That's why the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) is working on tough rules to rein in payday lenders' predatory practices—and they're taking public comments through the end of the day today.	the politic can not be the economic to college money but the country must make a best law for people need who follow from their good support.
Unfair, predatory practices have no place in an economy that works for all Americans.	Unfair, predatory practices have no place in our world today!
"Today the world meets the moment.” —President Obama	"Today the world meets the moment.” —President ObamaThank you so much from in JapanRamcocomirikawilliamus
This chart shows just how significantly the cost of clean energy technology has declined since President Obama took office.	I take it this chart was repared by the same government that has lied about everything over the last 8 years?
This is our best possible shot to save the planet from the devastating effects of climate change.	Now let's save America from the Devastating effects of the Obama Presidency....
By blocking a Supreme Court nominee, Senate obstructionists have indefinitely delayed critical decisions that affect millions of Americans. Senate leaders need to stop treating the vacancy like a game. http://ofa.bo/2du4cWe	They need to stop treating the entire United States government as a game.
We've got to make sure that our economy works for everyone.	Barack Obama MEMORIZE THIS for making sure your economy works well for everyone WITHIN United States. ;) This will help you a LOT.https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1108824899173305&set=a.147723635283441.38063.100001374177211&type=3&theater
Fighting the big fights can be a lot of work. Stay hydrated. http://ofa.bo/2dbTce0	Dear Honorable President of The United States of America Sir Barack Obama:(Fighting the big fights can be a lot of work. Stay hydrated.)Sir Thank You!!!!
Dancing through 24 years. Happy Anniversary.	Blessings and Health for many years to come.Nice Job in your past eight years in office...YOU'RE A BEAUTIFUL COUPLE.
"Paid sick leave isn’t a side issue, or a women’s issue, or something that’s just nice to have.It’s a must-have.By the way, so are economic priorities like child care, paid family leave, equal pay, and a higher minimum wage.We need a Congress that will act on all these issues." —President Obama	Sometimes it is a matter that you can pay your bills that week and put food on the table. Workers don't get to take time off from their responsibilities.
This is crucial progress in the push for better workplace policies.	Well. In the UK, the Tory-right wing-government is pushing for worse workplace policies.
This is not how to treat your country with respect. http://ofa.bo/2d1UbNK	You have no right to speak of how to treat a country with respect
The United States is the only developed country that doesn’t have a national paid sick leave requirement. President Obama is trying to change that.	The only way for Americans to get national paid sick leave, is to elect a Democratic House and Senate that will work with President Clinton.
Judge Garland has had overwhelming bipartisan support in the past—even from senators who are currently obstructing his confirmation.	Judge Garland shouldn't have had to be humiliated by the representatives of Congress and the Senate!
This is good news. We've got to keep building on this progress to make sure our economy works for everyone—not just those at the top.	Here, here Mr. President!...America will be sorry to see you go after they quickly see what our future holds with the next Presidency and its cabinet!
Our economy is getting stronger, with a growing middle class and a shrinking number of Americans now living below the poverty line.	.president Liar, the middle class is shrinking, the poor is poorer and more people are Unemployed and on gov't assistant under your reign of terror.
There's a lot of misinformation out there—and it shouldn't go unchallenged.Organizing for Action's Truth Team delivers the facts straight to your inbox.	There's a lot of misinformation out there—and it shouldn't go unchallenged.I'LL REMEMBER THIS
According to a new report, climate change is likely to pose a threat to national security—we can't afford to deny it.	Hillary Clinton also will likely pose a threat to national security and you say we should vote for her? We can't afford to deny that.
The work we do to fight climate change is more important and urgent than ever.	great graphic to demonstrate why we need to act now on climate change. (couldn't have said it better myself) Thanks.
"Such a lengthy period of record-setting warmth is unprecedented in 137 years of temperature observation."	Pretty sure the average eath temperature was warmer than this before the last ice age that we are still recovering from?
It's been more than six months, and Senate leaders are still refusing to give Judge Garland a fair hearing. This obstruction is unprecedented, and it needs to end.	I'm FED UP with all this💩💩💩💩!!! We as a country need to get it together or else...😡😡😡😡
Judge Garland received the American Bar Association's highest possible rating. Senate leaders should at least give him a fair hearing.	I'm just glad that Grassley had time to climb to the top of a windmill, but not take the time to honor hearings for this fine gentleman.....
In the words of a champion for climate action: "We are the first generation to feel the sting of climate change, and we are the last generation that can do something about it." What kind of future we leave for our children depends on the work we do today.	It also depends on how well we educate our children. Teach them while they're young enough to be fearful of the implications, but old enough to understand the urgency.
The Supreme Court still has a vacant seat.President Obama's nominee is still waiting for a hearing.	I am still waiting for a decent job. But, I've been waiting since 1980.
American leadership on the global stage has helped create progress like the Paris Climate Agreement and the Iran nuclear deal. http://ofa.bo/2cO62BY	President sir,u the best ,and one of the strong leaders in the world ,u have raised so many issues like global warming ,terririsom on global platform,thank u so much sir
The Senate leadership's partisan obstruction has gone too far. Six months of refusing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable.	Ummm....seems JN and AS aren't aware of the fact that giving a hearing is part of the job those folks in congress were hired to do......?
For half a year, Senate leaders have refused to hold a hearing on one of the most qualified Supreme Court nominees in history. They're putting politics first.	Shame on the Republican senators who are doing politics on the appointment of a Supreme Court.
President Obama continues his work on conservation, protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the coast of New England.	Now Obama moved the Marine Memorial to off shore in New England!?  Does Arlington know about this!!.
"There should not be an empty seat on the bench when the Supreme Court convenes on the first Monday in October."Senator Leahy calls on his colleagues to correct the course of their unprecedented obstruction and consider Chief Judge Garland's nomination to the Supreme Court.	Truth be told Americans would rather have an empty seat than have a full bench that supports the previous decision on Citizens United.  Legalized corruption was the result.
We have to keep building on the progress we've made in tackling climate change.	Vote blue, to have any chance of addressing the climate change issue in our lifetime.
America does best when the economy grows from the middle out.	Good joke.  All the new income goes to the top 1%, but sure, lets just call that middle-out growth.  Let's bail out the middle class next time.
A declining poverty rate and a stronger middle class—that's how to build a stronger America.	A declining poverty rate and a stronger middle class. Not where I live.
Solar power continues to gain traction across the country. Read how this important industry is growing.	Great mr president with the advance technology of digolised word it is with great advantage to most rural areas where electricity is in adequate i ilike it.
We have to keep building on the progress we've made in tackling climate change.	More dramatically than the  national economic problems were facing, which are incidently due in part to government regulations which are supposed to slow climate change?  Highly improbable.
There's still time to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, Senate leaders.	Scalia didn't get a fair anything when he was murdered to further your agenda on gun control, you are a laugh!
A helpful guide.	Yes because Obama can give a helpful guide haha! Thanks for the comedic value!
The Paris Climate Agreement is now a step closer to going into effect. But we can't stop there.	You know what's terrifying?The President I love isn't putting a stop to the Dakota Pipeline.Shameful what's going on there.
Thanks to Obamacare, millions of Americans have gained quality, affordable health care—and the uninsured rate has now dropped to a historic low. http://ofa.bo/2bW7qOO	When people are forced to be insured of course the uninsured rate would be dropped. If people were forced to lose weight obesity would drop too...thanks for stating the obvious...
Speak out. Organize. Inspire. http://ofa.bo/2cm4dO0	When people are forced to be insured of course the uninsured rate would be dropped. If people were forced to lose weight obesity would drop too...thanks for stating the obvious...
By formally joining the Paris Climate Agreement, we send a message to the rest of the world: We are ready to act on climate.	It about time! How long will it take for the conservatives to join the 21st century?
Senate leaders are back from recess now, and they have the opportunity to get important work done—like giving Judge Garland a hearing.	The only work that any of them are going to do is in getting themselves reelected. Remove , Reject and Replace , send them home
"Healthy and diverse lands and waters help us build resilience to climate change." —President Obama	it's good to save the marine conservation and help resolving inside habitats
"When workers raise their voices for a fair wage and dignity in the workplace, they sustain the story of America: the idea that if you work hard, you should be able to get ahead, retire with dignity, and leave something behind for the next generation." —President ObamaCheck out President Obama's open letter to American workers on Labor Day: http://ofa.bo/2bO7eRK	In this country Nigeria if workers raised their vioce for better pay they get a squar militry order to get back to work or face sack.
"Their efforts are why we can enjoy things like the 40-hour work week, overtime pay, and a minimum wage. Their efforts are why we can depend on health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, and retirement plans." —President Obama.Watch the weekly address.	Hey Barack, Why are you not paying attention to the Dakota Pipeline Protest!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? Do you do and say nothing when the lives of American people are threatened by greed?
It's time to put politics aside and get to work.	Why don't you set an example and put politics aside and so the Senate can get back to work?
Over the last eight years, we have built a stronger economy that works better for the American people.	America has built a stronger economy indeed....Without President Obama,America economy wouldn't have been as strong as it is today.....Thanks to President Barack Obama!.....Like,if you believe this!!
The Constitution is the law of the land. Senate leaders should not ignore it.	Indeed the constitution is the suprime law of the land and all should follow it accordingly.
The Senate returns from recess next week. Filling the Supreme Court vacancy should be at the top of their to-do list.	Actually figuring out what the hell you did with the $6.5 trillion that is missing should be at the top of the list
The American people deserve more than a gridlocked judicial system. Senate leaders, it's time to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.	The Americadeserve more than  gridlocked judicial system. Senate leaders, it's time to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
The Senate returns from recess next week. Filling the Supreme Court vacancy should be at the top of their to-do list.	Either follow the Constitution and select one of Obama's candidates for the job or resign your posts in Congress!
Willfully impairing our democracy's ability to function properly shouldn't be something to brag about.	After 76 unconstitutional executive orders, we need to Write your congress to tell them to impeach the obstructionist living in the White House! How to find your representatives:http://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/
Show them what you're organizing for. http://ofa.bo/2bMVxva	MR. Dee Joseph why are you blaming President Obama for everything you have to accept some responsibility like we all  should.
President Obama has more than doubled the number of acres of land and water protected by any other U.S. president.	What about the land in North Dakota that is being torn up and breaking treaties?!
When women succeed, America succeeds.	When women succeed, the WORLD succeeds.
We've come a long way, but there's still work to do to make sure our daughters have the same opportunities as our sons.	We need to make sure our veterans have the same opportunities as the illegal aliens you allow to remain in this country first.
Our national parks are part of our collective cultural history, and President Obama has protected another 22 sites since 2008. Happy 100th birthday to the National Park Service.	Congratulation to Mr Presiden Obama US for protecting national parks as collective cultural history, for another 22 sites since 2008. Happy 100th birthday to the National Park Service.
Today, on the 100th birthday of the National Park Service, let's recommit to safeguarding our nation's natural treasures for generations to come.	Thank you President Obama for recognizing the importance of the National PRks and wild life. So important to take of nature! Pam Lea
Judge Merrick Garland should be no different.	""""Judge Merrick Garland should be no different."""", true>>>>>>
We've come so far, but there's more work to do.	Yes Obama has more damage to do like 💀 bring more people here to take our freedom!!🐍🐀👺🐍🐍🐍
Whether in your neighborhood or beyond—organize.	We love you President Obama you are the best . President in the world .God bless you and your family .
Global temperatures are steadily rising with no signs of slowing down. Denying climate change is dangerous.	That record will be broken next year. But it is not Global warming of Climate change. It's naturally increasing temperatures that will increase every year for no apparent reason.
While deniers try to stall progress in the fight against climate change, we continue to break global heat records. We can't afford not to act now.	Mr President we will continue to do little we can do reverse the climate change God helping us
New efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks will improve air quality and lower fuel costs—all while combating climate change. http://ofa.bo/2b4UINC	New efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks will improve air quality
Republicans in the Senate are willfully obstructing a fully functioning judicial branch.	Obama is willfully obstructing the DOJ from prosecuting the obviously guilty Hillary.
Congress needs to stand up to the gun lobby and vote on common-sense legislation—for the victims of gun violence, for their families, and for all our communities. http://ofa.bo/2b1N3jf	Our voices apparently don't matter. Only the gun lobby matters. And you people need to show some respect for our President.
Ignoring America's gun violence epidemic is unacceptable. We must keep the pressure on congressional leaders to do something.	Or we could all be like you Obama and send untraceable military grade hardware to Mexican drug cartels to spur on the violence  (fast and furious gun scandal)
It's been more than 150 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland.Senate leaders: Do your jobs.	It's been like 6 years since ISIS has been killing people, do your job.
For a record-breaking 153 days, Senate obstructionists have refused to hold a hearing for one of the most well qualified Supreme Court nominees in U.S. history. That's unacceptable.	It goes against convention to confirm a Supreme Court nomination in an election year. It isn't one rule for Obama and another for other presidents.
Protecting access to affordable health care, economic opportunity, and equal pay for women makes a difference for everyone.	Equal pay for equal work is a fundamental right of the Indian Constitution.
Gender equality in the 21st century has come a long way, but there's still work to be done.	Note this universal truth that World's time going to finish  have so many symdom -one of that is women's become more and more powerful work in outside*.
"There’s still much more to do.But there’s no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change.Last year, that leadership helped us bring nearly 200 nations together in Paris around the most ambitious agreement in history to save the one planet we’ve got.	I hope this will reverse the damage that all those years of America being the global leader in polluting the Earth has done.
The Clean Power Plan is a significant step in combating climate change—and we need to keep moving forward.	Absolutely we can use Clean Power Plan in curbing climate change, we need an elite Countries to take the lead for us to move forward.
We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave. It's time to catch up.	Why are we the only industrialized nation without paid family leave? Answer: Republican Congress.
Never lose hope.	You went from... Change to Hope now to never lose hope?!? Smh your horrible!!
Some of the same senators actively trying to block Judge Garland from the Supreme Court supported him in the past.	from the party that controls congress, power of the senate to approve judicial appointments, the Law and Order group...do the job you are paid to do...allow votes!
The American people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.	The American people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.The Iranian people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.
Share the news: Under President Obama, we've cut the deficit significantly since 2009.	U cut the deficit ?It's 14 Trillion dollars!The highest it's ever been combined!Is this a joke?
Improving energy efficiency saves American families money and fights climate change—and President Obama has made it a priority.	That's great President about energy saving as well as to fight against global warming and climate change and protect our planet.....
Senate leaders aren't taking their responsibility seriously enough. The Supreme Court needs nine justices.	no they are taking things seriously and questioning you for a change, something they should have done to begin with and stopped a lot of your mess,
The Supreme Court is too important to be used as a tool for political gamesmanship.	Justice should not be used as a tool for political gamesmanship !!! A very familiar issue here in Greece although the Greek system of justice is different.
In the weekly address, President Obama wishes our Olympic athletes well:"To all of our Olympic and Paralympic athletes wearing the red, white, and blue—know that your country couldn’t be prouder of you. We admire all the work you’ve done to get to Rio and everything you’ll do there. Thank you for showing the world the best of America. And know that when you get up on that podium, we’ll be singing the National Anthem—and maybe even shedding a tear—right alongside you.  "Now go bring home the gold!" —President Obama	He not just our President but he will go down in history as one of the greatest presidents.As our President says, Now bring the gold home!
Together, we're creating more opportunities for all Americans.	together, we are creating more opportunities for all humans around world are better sir.
This is great news—but we can do more to make sure our economy works for everyone.	but we can do more to make sure our economy works for everyone.
One last time.	I hope you had a wonderful, final White House birthday!Mahalo nui loa for the last 8 years.Malama pono!
"There’s still a lot of work we need to do to improve the prospects of women and girls here and around the world. And while I’ll keep working on good policies—from equal pay for equal work to protecting reproductive rights—there are some changes that have nothing to do with passing new laws."In fact, the most important change may be the toughest of all—and that’s changing ourselves." —President Obama	I agree with president Obama about the impotance of the task of changing ourselves and assuming the resposability of those changes for a better society wherever we are
It's President Obama's last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Let's make it count. http://ofa.bo/2axqWqc	Great that this is Obama's last birthday in Washington.
Our 44th President is turning 55 tomorrow. http://ofa.bo/2ame3JV	Happy birthday Mr President at age 55 also celebrating the fact that you are 44th USA President Barack Obama
Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real and man-made—and the Clean Power Plan is a bold step to address it. But deniers still want to hold that progress back.	Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real and man-made— The rest vote Trump
The Clean Power Plan helped pave the way for the historic Paris Climate Agreement—the first-ever global climate deal.	The climate global ,it's not depend the government,depends the all citizen,organizations,manor,good consciences!to transform Word in better life for generations in the future!
Statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest.Make sure to sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/2aGCRim	Happy birthday Mr President wish you many more years,you are the best president in the world stayed blessed.
This is about basic respect for our democratic process. Senate leaders need to stop playing games with our Supreme Court and give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.	We need a Supreme Court justice now and Congress should do their job!  Obama on the Supreme Court is a winner for the future.
President Obama's last birthday in office is coming up—send your best wishes.	Happy birthday Mr President Barack Obama in your 55th birthday in your last few months in office as USA President before November 2016 after that there will be President elect
The Affordable Care Act is working, it's costing way less than expected—and despite wanting to repeal it, Republican leaders still have no real alternative.	There is nothing really wrong with Obamacare, other than a Black President doing what the previous white ones have been trying to do for decades. How care he!
Show President Obama some birthday love for eight sweet years of progress. http://ofa.bo/2ach4MP	Happy birthday and many more,your the best President we ever,ever had, , ,Barack Obama .with lots of love
"If Republican senators fail to act, it could be an entire year before a fully staffed Supreme Court can resolve any significant issue before it. Folks, there’s enough dysfunction in Washington, D.C. Now is not the time for it to spread to the Supreme Court." —Vice President BidenWatch the weekly address.	We will see, if the American Citizen will allow the Republican Congress to over step there responsibility in November.  It's bad enough they don't work after we pay them.
Cheers to 55—and to many more.	Happy Birthday to the best President ever!May you have many more to come!
Millions of people now have the security of health insurance, thanks to Obamacare.	Happy for Americans to have affordable health which is basic need for any human beings. I hope Philippines will have same advantage like most of citizens of the world.
Thanks to people like you demanding change, millions of Americans now have access to health care.	Than you PRESIDENT OBAMA, for helping many people to get health insurance!
Change looks good on you.	Change looks good on you. obama!!#feytullahgulen teslim et😊
Climate change is a challenge we can solve if we work together and take the bold action needed.	if we work together and take the bold action needed.
Tackling climate change is going to take all of us pushing for action.	Earth need to evolve. We just can make and act something to reduce the impact, we can't hold the climate changes or even keep it good for living,
Too many American lives are cut short each year by guns. Congress needs to act.	Too many American lives are cut short every year by cars... Congress needs to act...
We shouldn't accept this as normal.	We shouldn't accept this as normal.#FEYTULLAHGULEN #terörist #pensilvanya Sn.Obama
It's been a record-breaking 131 days since Judge Garland was nominated to the Supreme Court, and Senate leaders are still refusing to give him a hearing and up-or-down vote. They need to take their constitutional responsibility seriously.	The World is fighting an Ideology,that's tough to defeat.Its followers are WILLING to DIE for their cause,trump doesn't have a CLUE,he's all talk.
Thanks, Obamacare.	The World is fighting an Ideology,that's tough to defeat.Its followers are WILLING to DIE for their cause,trump doesn't have a CLUE,he's all talk.
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis. Since we dug out from the worst of it, our businesses have added almost 15 million new jobs." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	And With Trump the economy will be worst than it was before the crisis .
Thanks to President Obama's new initiative, solar panels will be within reach for millions of Americans.	U could put up a solar sistem even before obama,,, just call a JEA and find out how much will cost it
The streak of broken heat records continued in June.	The extreme heat is caused by all the hot air coming from the RNC in Cleveland
Judge Garland is extremely qualified. Senate obstructionists need to stop playing political games with the Supreme Court, and give him a fair hearing.	Judge Garland allowed the Clinton Crime Family to get away with too much to be considered a candidate for SCOTUS.
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.	refusing to have a hearing is conspiracy. remove the reps from congress, less the reps that are cooperative keep their job adn rebuild their pathetic embarrassment of a party.
In The Wall Street Journal today, President Obama is calling on Senate leaders to do their jobs and stop obstructing our Supreme Court.	We seriously need to look at term limits for the Senate and House.  How much longer are we going to put up with them not doing their jobs??
We've seen important progress over the last seven years—but there's still more to do to make sure our economy works for everyone.	You are responsible for the ongoing deaths of our police officers!!! They're so much better than you can ever hope to be!!
Watch President Obama's full remarks at yesterday's memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.	What about a memorial service for the ones who die on hands of the police service for excessive force?????Who will have a moment of silence for those who die?Any body?🙏🙏🙏🙏😔😔😔🙏🙏
Watch President Obama's full remarks at yesterday's memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.	At yesterday's memorial service honoring the fallen Dallas officers, analysis showed that President Barack Obama mentioned himself 45 times in his speech.
Enjoy the fireworks. Happy Fourth of July.	Happy Fourth of July President Obama and Family You Are the Best We Will Miss You.
"To all our brave men and women in uniform: you represent the best of who we are as a nation. On this day and every day, we thank you." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Thank you Mr. President.You are the best we've had.Thanks to all men and women serving our country.God bless you.
Since Obamacare passed, experts are projecting significantly lower spending on health care than they originally expected—all while reducing the uninsured rate.	And the congress is asking for 30billion more in taxes because Obama care costs jumped more than expected. But they spent less?
The vast majority of Americans agree: It's time for Congress to do something.	The vast majority of Americans agree you're a lying Muslim traitor  --and it's time for Congress to do something!!
LAST CALL: Make your move before the fundraising deadline—chip in now.	Time to turn the page & start a new.Now it's time for a revolution..It's our time.It's Bernie time!!
We can't accept our country's current level of gun violence as normal. We need to keep pushing for Congress to do something about it.	It's true you need to keep pushing for congress to do something about it gun violence is too much my best friend
It's the final stretch of OFA's fundraising deadline—can you chip in?	I can chip in the ROPE. I will even build the GALLOWS for FREE.
Today, Canada and Mexico join the United States in an ambitious commitment to cut pollution and build a more efficient and sustainable continent.	a great plan ......my country india also need this strategy to get clean energy sources .....
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote.	We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Eight justices isn't enough.	And one Obama appointed judge is too much.
You can help drive this movement forward.	Amazing, i can also help drive the movement forward
"The arc of our history is clear—it’s an arc of progress." —President Obama	"The arc of our history is clear—it’s an arc of progress." —President Obama
This is a win for women's reproductive rights.	Sure is.A win for selfish women who only care for themselves."There is a way that seems right to a man..."
Celebrate the progress we've made together—and recommit to the fight for full equality for LGBT Americans.	All nations need equality it's will be good for the peace
We've made big strides toward equality, but the work to end discrimination against the LGBT community isn't over. http://ofa.bo/vbV	My best wishes and thank to President Obama for the work to end discrimination against the LGPT Comnunity.
One year ago today, the Supreme Court made our country a little more equal for millions of Americans.	And less than one week ago the same court made the worst for millions of immigrants that work hard to make this economy stronger...
"One year ago this weekend, we lit the White House in every color—because in every state in America, you’re now free to marry the person you love. There’s still work to do. As we saw two weeks ago in Orlando, the LGBT community still faces real discrimination, real violence, real hate. So we can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	you can make one accomplissement of equality in history to be just in plestinian problem with Israel
Senate leaders' refusal to do their jobs is affecting our entire judicial system. This obstruction is unacceptable.	Talk about someone refusing to do their job... Isn't it your job to protect our country?
Enough is enough. Demand common-sense legislation from Congress. http://ofa.bo/d65U	Enough is enough! I demand common sense legislation now!
Enough is enough. We need Congress to serve the American people and pass common-sense gun legislation.	We Americans don't understand it either why our Congress won't pass gun laws to protect the people from terrorists. It's very very sad.
The fight for immigration reform needs your voice—and long-term solutions from Congress to strengthen American communities. http://ofa.bo/jAGj	I stand for the comprehensive immigration reform
Based on his merits alone, Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing in the Senate.	He deserves a fair hearing in the Senate unless you are in the party of "No"!
This is the only planet we've got, and we have to do everything we can to protect it—including action to fight climate change.	Climate change is the biggest concern that we have present. We are addicted to do global threatening things. Climate change doesn't happen until we do our part to protect it.
This weekend, President Obama explored Yosemite National Park with National Geographic and discussed the importance of fighting climate change.	Our climate change has been, since the beginning of time. Like the sun and moon.....
To all the dads out there, thanks for all you do. Happy Father's Day.	Thank you very much for all that you have done for our country.You're going to leave some big shoes to fill!
"If we’re going to raise our kids in a safer, more loving world, we need to speak up for it. We need our kids to hear us speak up about the risks guns pose to our communities, and against a status quo that doesn’t make sense."  —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We also need our kids to hear us speak up about the risks radical Islam poses to our communities, as well as Christian intolerance.
People across the world came together this week to show solidarity with the LGBT community. http://ofa.bo/e63m	Your tenure as president have sEen the rise of Radical Islamic Terror through out the world sir. Your policies have a lot to do with this..
#OrlandoUnited	Your tenure as president have sEen the rise of Radical Islamic Terror through out the world sir. Your policies have a lot to do with this..
We've made so much progress together in the last eight years, but there's still work to do to end discrimination against the LGBT community. http://ofa.bo/vaG	Than we could have more work place violence like in Orlando to the LGBT community. Thanks but no thanks!!!
This month, we stand with the LGBT community and all who believe in true equality.	In other words the abreavation lgbt mean sick people and all who believe in true equality, so I hope that all understand
"In every one of the 103 instances that mirror the current state of affairs, the president has been able to appoint a Justice to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court — without a single exception." http://ofa.bo/iAIJ	Not true at all there have been a few circumstances where the Senate didn't give the nominee a vote and the term expired
The lowest uninsured rate ever recorded.An unemployment rate below five percent.And the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.All while cutting the deficit by two-thirds.	Obozo unemployment isn't everything.The workforce participation rate is the lowest is been since women enter the workforce in ernest.
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote. http://ofa.bo/waE	Why not, you let partisan politics extend to every other thing: To the classroom, to public policy, etc.
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job. It's time for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland.	The Senate has already done their job when they ruled not to consent to Obama's nominee. The Senate is following the will of the people.
"[I] chose a career in law. Specifically a career devoted to building the kind of faith in the rule of law that civil society depends on." Watch Judge Garland talk about his life in public service. http://ofa.bo/d62F	My Best Wishes and Thank to Ptesident of Obama for chosen a career in Law. JUDGE GARLAND TALK ABOUT HIS LIFE IN PUBLIC SERVICE.
Too many people in the U.S. have their lives cut short by gun violence. Congress needs to do something to make our communities safer. http://ofa.bo/wZZ	Too many civilians in the Middle East have their lives cut short by drone violence. Congress needs to do something to make their communities safer.
Too many lives are cut short by gun violence. On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, Americans across the country are speaking up to ask Congress to act.	The Constitution and the people who have died to protect it are worth more than, "just maybe we can stop one act of violence."
DEADLINE: This is your last chance to enter. What are you waiting for? http://ofa.bo/c60s	Great offer, iPhone is one of the coolest Smartphones we've seen this year and you have chance to win it free, What are you waiting for #єєєWinFreeiPhone
At the peak of the recession seven years ago, we were shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a month. Today, our economy has made a big comeback.	It's almost like there was a huge recession and we've since returned to what is our normal growth rate.  Congrats on having economic policies that aren't disastrous I guess?
This could be an experience you'll never forget. http://ofa.bo/yYf	Nope...I don't have a chance really as I'm not an American citiizen....Such a shame!!
The overwhelming majority of Obamacare customers are satisfied with their coverage. http://ofa.bo/a65D	The overwhelming majority of working Americans are unsatisfied with their coverage.
This could be an experience you'll never forget. http://ofa.bo/hAMu	This could be an experience
"With love, grace, and reflection, let us honor our fallen fellow Americans, known and unknown, who sacrificed their freedom to ensure our own." —President Obama	My Best Wishes and Thank to President of Obama for Honoring our fallen fellow Americans.
"The debt we owe our fallen heroes is one we can never truly repay. But our responsibility to remember is something we can live up to every day of the year." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	It's more like our responsibility to support them now that they are home is something we can live up to every day.
Start your summer off right—with a chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/jABl	I got the chance to meet President Obama in 2012 and my daughter got a hug and an autograph from him.
Across the country, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders need to get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. http://ofa.bo/fAF0	I definitely read that as "Senate leaders need to get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judy Garland" but I agree with this too.
This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable.	Agreed: This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable.
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote: http://ofa.bo/yXH	Mr President. You do have to power to appoint the justice on your own without senate approval if the senate refuses to do their job.DO IT!
Share if you stand with the majority of Americans who believe Judge Merrick Garland should get a fair hearing.	The majority of Americans stand with the Republicans and do not want a hearing or a vote
Don't pass up this chance to meet President Obama this summer. http://ofa.bo/gACP	I really want to meet Mr. President, but I live in Denmark.. So long travel and I can't afford it lol... So no chance to meet him for me 😂
More than 90 precent of Americans now have health coverage. http://ofa.bo/c5xn	I know so many people without health insurance.Most over 50 and subject to the higher premiums.This article is a lie.
Don't pass up this chance to meet President Obama this summer. http://ofa.bo/yW4	yes.I want to meet Excellent President Obama.give me this chance
Senate leaders: Do your jobs.	I like your CHILDREN WIFE GIRLS,THAINK'SMY FATHERS OBAMA MICHEL...
"Only seven percent of full-time salaried workers are eligible for overtime based on their income.That’s why this week, my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned.The Department of Labor finalized a rule to extend overtime protections to 4.2 million more Americans." —President Barack Obama Watch the weekly address.	It is about time that employers started paying the employees their rightful pay due them. Too many Employers expect overtime with no extra support to the worker!..
After a lifetime of public service, there's absolutely no reason for Senate leaders to deny Judge Garland a hearing and timely up-or-down vote. http://ofa.bo/a61o	After a lifetime of public service, there's absolutely no reason for Merrick Garland to feel guilty about retiring. Go in peace, Sir.
"The epitome of a careful, fair, non-partisan judge.""He treated every party with dignity and respect.""One of the greatest jurists of the past century."These are the kinds of things that Judge Garland's former clerks say about their former boss. http://ofa.bo/b62f	this is is an important indication of the need to vote in as many democratic members of congress as possible.
You could be headed to Washington, D.C. this summer to meet the President. http://ofa.bo/hAJd	You could be headed to Washington, D.C. this summer to meet the President : The president of  whom ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0th3WPLAcM
Climate change is happening now—and we have to do something about it. http://ofa.bo/hAJO	"Climate change is happening now—and we have to do something about it."......Change it? Why ? I like it the way it is now and always has benn
The new overtime rule will benefit 4.2 million American workers. http://ofa.bo/xSo	Lol you mean, "The new overtime rule will allow 4.2 million American workers to abuse it."
Because of the Obama administration's new overtime rule, more middle-class families will gain economic security.	families will gain economic security.
From affordable health care to marriage equality, this grassroots movement has helped create real change. This is your chance to tell President Obama what you're thankful for—in person. http://ofa.bo/vTa	Mr presidant obama health care great more than life with some problem they havnt choose but we will accept to new job
President Obama is taking his job seriously—that's why he put forth a highly qualified nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Now it's up to Senate leaders to do the same—and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. http://ofa.bo/z0Tb	I would like to take a year off and still get paid-- where do I sign up for this job?
Share if you're proud of how the U.S. is leading the fight against climate change.	Um, I'd love to share, but the US is definitely NOT leading the fight against climate change...
The lack of action from Senate leadership on the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable. http://ofa.bo/d5wb	like the lack of action from Obama for 8 years?
This is a big step forward in the fight to curb climate change.	Very good step forward in the fight to curb climate change.
This new rule will help curb methane pollution—and improve public health. http://ofa.bo/gA96	If we could get Trump to keep his mouth shut it would greatly help curb methane emissions 😂
Supreme Court vacancies have been filled during election years in the past. The Senate's obstruction of Judge Garland is completely unprecedented.	"Supreme Court vacancies have been filled during election years in the past. "So? The senate has rejected hearigns in the past also....argument selfdestruct in ...5...4..3
This is what editorial boards across the country are saying about the Supreme Court vacancy: http://ofa.bo/hAI1	Who cares what the editorial boards are saying. You only care when the lean in your direction, Omuslim.
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy. We can't afford to have it understaffed.	Judge Garland is just the type of anti-USA politician/judge that we do not need and the rest of our courts need to be purged of such anti-USA thinking.
No more excuses. The Senate needs to listen to the majority of Americans and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. http://ofa.bo/jA6O	Hey Obama! Why don't YOU listen to the majority of Americans and make Constitutional carry a federal law?
Senate leaders need to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.	I'd like to put party politics WAY aside.  Eliminate the parties.
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy. We can't afford to delay filling its vacancy any longer.	Insubordination is grounds for termination. When it comes time for their re-election, replace 'em. Mr President, please, give us the names of those individuals that are insubordinate.
"Giving flowers is always a good idea. But I hope that on this Mother’s Day, we’ll recommit ourselves to doing more than that: Through deeds that match our words, let’s give mothers the respect they deserve, give all women the equality they deserve, and give all parents the support they need in their most important roles." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	(y) (y)let’s give mothers the respect they deserve, give all women the equality they deserve, and give all parents the support they need in their most important roles (y)
It's a classic. http://ofa.bo/d5vt	It is definitely the mark of a movement. It's called a bowel movement.
Our economy continues to grow—but we have to do more to ensure that it's working for everyone.	You have to make sure people go to work! You claim the economy is growing but you have more people than ever on food stamps. Joke
President Obama just commuted the sentences of 58 men and women who have earned a second chance. http://ofa.bo/z0SX	Keep going President Obama.There are a lot of men and women who deserve another chance.Many got no social justice at all.
Every Supreme Court nominee in recent history received a public hearing. Judge Garland deserves the same respect. http://ofa.bo/e5u7	Supreme Court nominee in recent history
The obstruction of our highest court must end now.	How about, our highest court must end. Stop all politics within it immediately.
Instead, America should write the rules.America should call the shots.Other countries should play by the rules that America and our partners set, and not the other way around." —President ObamaRead more from President Obama's op-ed on the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement: http://ofa.bo/yTF	May I offer an amendment?AMERICANS should write the rules.American BUSINESSES should play by the rules that AMERICANS set, and not the other way around.
Judge Merrick Garland was nominated more than 40 days ago—it's time to give him the hearing he deserves. http://ofa.bo/fA9c	Judge Merrick Garland was nominated more than 40 days ago—it's time to give him the hearing he deserves
America has made huge strides in securing a healthier future for our families and our communities. We can't let climate change deniers reverse that progress. http://ofa.bo/xRI	And we are only making climate change  worse. We should be doing what we can to save the planet for our children's children instead of going around with blinders on.
"For over 40 years, there’s been an average of 67 days between a nomination and a hearing. This time should be no different. This is not about partisan politics—it’s about upholding the institutions that make our democracy work." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Some one should wake up those sleeping Republicans and make them have a hearing for the Presidents nomination.  It is only fair that they think of the people not themselves.
We can't afford for obstructionism from Senate leaders to spread to our courts. http://ofa.bo/wT5	If my fellow citizens of Kentucky would have sense enough to get rid of Mitch McConnell we wouldn't have these problems
The Clean Power Plan is a key part of U.S. leadership in fighting climate change.	A key part will be to change the climate in Congress-
Taft.Wilson.Hoover.Roosevelt.Eisenhower.Reagan.They all filled Supreme Court vacancies in an election year since 1900. The Senate's obstruction of President Obama's nominee is completely unprecedented.	With the exception of Ronald Reagan whose justice died over a year before election and wasn't approved until within twelve months, all presidents were eligible for re-election.
We can't afford for obstructionism from Senate leaders to spread to our courts. http://ofa.bo/xQm	No thanks and its up to legislate to decide not obama
Now it's the Senate's turn to take this seriously and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.	You need to put an end to this nonsense - use your executive power and confirm the nominee. So tired of the Republicans and their games!!!
Professor Obama has a Supreme Court 101 lesson for obstructionists in the Senate.	The Power to end this all rest on WE THE PEOPLE,  this primary cycle and the General Election in November.  Vote for the Change that was promised.
There's been a lot of global progress in the fight to tackle climate change, but we can't stop now.	I support  progress  in the  fight against  global  climate change  .by  .ayoob
In case you missed it, something important just happened in the global fight against climate change.	Oh, so it is not just a political phenomenon?  You mean that the conference on global warming that I went to in November of 1989 was legitimate?
Climate change is a serious threat. We can't keep pretending it doesn't exist.	You're a serious threat.. we can't keep pretending you're legal to be the president..
Happy Earth Day.	You're a serious threat.. we can't keep pretending you're legal to be the president..
Climate change is dangerous for public health. We have to act now.	Isis is dangerous to public health. We have to act now.
Today, the United States joined the international community in signing the Paris Agreement—a groundbreaking global effort to fight climate change. We can't let deniers hold us back. http://ofa.bo/hAEi	We support in the fight against climate change .
Thanks to American leadership, the world is coming together to tackle climate change.	Yes...it is almost thanks to you President Barack that the world is coming together in Paris to tackle the climate change. Congratulation.
Investments in clean energy are investments in a more sustainable future.	more investment in clean energy :D
Climate change is not a problem for the distant future. We're already seeing its effects today.	He is so right!....with all the flooding and weather changes...climate change is a really big issue and needs to be taken more seriously!
This year, our country made big steps forward in combating climate change. We can't let climate change deniers derail progress. http://ofa.bo/d5tM	I support progress against climate change for our children's children!!
Investing in clean energy like solar power is good for our country.	Solar power is clean energy and I'd like Italy would exploit more and better sun ,wind ,waves.
Climate change is real—and it's already happening. http://ofa.bo/z0QE	Climate change is real—and it's already happening.   Tell me something new  !!    Climate change is as old as earth it self.
Not only would President Obama's immigration actions keep families together, they would also boost our economy.	Obama's immigration actions would not only be illegal, they would screw our economworse than anyone else and grant privilege to illegal foreigners....and no one else.
Judge Merrick Garland is highly qualified and has had bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing in the Senate. http://ofa.bo/d5t1	As much as I dislike Obama, I believe he is right on this issue: MG deserves a hearing and the Republican congress needs to get to work!
Find out how climate change is making wildfires a continual threat in some areas—and why it's so important to act now: http://ofa.bo/yQJ	I think Climate change is most talked topic in the present world. so it is high timd for a good dicition for stop climate changed
This is why we need nine Supreme Court justices. http://ofa.bo/c5rK	...i think nine are also not enough,the Supreme Court need Thirteen to get things well done !!!
Women still earn only 79 cents to every dollar that men make—and it's even worse for women of color. We can do better. http://ofa.bo/hADb	Im insulted that we are in 2016 and men still get paid more than (me)
Share if you agree. #EqualPayDay	Thank you President Obama, be blessed.***.
It's past time for equal pay. http://ofa.bo/gA4U	It's time for Women of Equal Pay.
American workers deserve the flexibility and security that comes with paid sick leave.	Can you imagine not getting paid sick leave and on top of that they saying bring a doctor's note? And these same employers doesn't give you health insurance.
Expanding paid sick leave is good for our families and our economy. http://ofa.bo/gA4S	Yes, I support paid sick leave. Not only because it is good for employee security, but also because I don't want sick people coming to work to spread their germs!
Judge Merrick Garland is eminently qualified for the Supreme Court—and he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate.	Is US really a democracy? If the president's nominee is not considered due to partisan politics, who is looking after the US?
Because some Senate leaders are refusing to do their jobs, our Supreme Court can't fully do its job—that's not right. http://ofa.bo/e5pu	The Senate must do its job!!!! Why are we even paying the Republican Senators they do absolutely nothing - again????
The United States is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee some form of paid leave for its workers. It's time to change that. http://ofa.bo/fA5O	I agree to the extent that paid leave should be for a very limited amount of time and only for specific reasons. Unpaid leave can be more flexible.
Working Americans should have the basic security of paid sick leave.	Co-workers should have the basic security of not having co-workers show up with seriously communicable diseases.
Now 10 million workers will have better economic security. http://ofa.bo/gA43	President Barack Obama has helped 10 million workers have better economic security!! ❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Here's how climate change could impact sea level rise—and why it's so important to act now: http://ofa.bo/uOE	how climate change could impact sea level rise
America's economy continues to make real progress.	No, PART of America's economy continues to make real progress. :(
The future looks bright for clean energy. http://ofa.bo/fA4b	sun is The future looks bright for clean energy. .
The Senate's obstruction of President Obama's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, is completely unprecedented. http://ofa.bo/z0Ob	Assad is burning Aleppo, US system supports this devastation, Facebook is politicized and silent over this mess. Same as the American 'regime'#الاسد_يحرق_حلب #AssadBurnsAleppo
Judge Merrick Garland should get a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote.	He should be given a chance for a hearing from both sides; nothing but grid-lock in that Congress--unbelievable!
The American labor force just posted "the strongest totals we've seen in 16 years." http://ofa.bo/e5oO	Still think 15 an hour will ruin the economy it looks as if since its come out in many states jobs have increased immensely
Don't listen to the critics: American job growth continues at a robust pace.	Absolutely right, Mr.President! I do not listen to the critics.You  have made lotsa greatness to the American job growth and America as a whole!
FINAL CHANCE to win VIP passes to see James Taylor this summer. http://ofa.bo/jA0i	Am from Ghana is my pressure to get this opportunity to meet this great man .
LAST CALL: Get your donation in before midnight's deadline. http://ofa.bo/d5qW	SPECIAL COUPOUN: Use "SPRINGSALE" to get 10% on all your purchases when checking out for the spring discount campaign! Share it with your friends...www.podolex.com
Senate leaders continue to refuse fair hearings for Judge Merrick Garland, despite his many qualifications. That's not right. http://ofa.bo/e5oD	Although I'm Dutch and have no say in this matter I do say this: these republican senators are a disgrace to democracy and not worthy of their position.
Time to pitch in for progress: http://ofa.bo/uMu	I am only contributing to Bernie Sanders, he is our last hope for Democracy in the U.S.A.
You and a friend could be heading to Chicago this summer to meet James Taylor and see him perform live. http://ofa.bo/z0Np	You and a friend could be heading to Chicago this summer to meet James Taylor and see him perform live. http://ofa.bo/z0Np ~♡♡ok
The fundraising deadline is coming in at full speed. http://ofa.bo/a5sf	there is a lot of work to be done, just keep on going....
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.	Yes, Judge Garland deserves the nomination to the Supreme Court, the Senate deserves Impeachment! Let's vote the GOP OUT !
All you've got to do is enter. http://ofa.bo/d5ou	All you've got to do is what I say.
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." —President Obama	"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter. Happy Easter to all of you.
"Give Judge Garland—by all accounts an outstanding individual; someone with more experience on the federal bench than any Supreme Court nominee in history—the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him a vote." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/a5ro	If Obama's Presidential rights have been suspended, because his term is ending, then every Senate and house member up for re election, should be suspended! Otherwise, you're a hypocrite!
Every Supreme Court nominee in recent history has been given a fair hearing from the Senate. Judge Garland should be no different. http://ofa.bo/hA9v	If he is the nominee of the next administration, he will get a fair hearing...
It's time for Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing.	Yes they need to do their job.They need to give him a fair hearing and then say NO.
Obamacare has saved lives and given millions of Americans access to quality care—but the fight for affordable health care for all is far from over. http://ofa.bo/b5sw	"the fight for affordable health care for all is far from over." The USA needs single payer.
Six years ago, millions of Americans weren't able to get health insurance because they had pre-existing conditions.Today, that's a thing of the past.	In order to give people insurance he had the destroyed the people that have their own private insurance so how is that a good thing??
A free trip to Chicago in the summer and tickets to see James Taylor live—enter now. http://ofa.bo/e5m7	A free trip to Chicago in the summer?..............The MURDER CAPITAL of AMERICA?............Guess Obama would Love more Murders............
Judge Merrick Garland is a highly qualified Supreme Court nominee. There is no reason for the Senate to obstruct the nomination process.	There is EVERY reason for the Senate to obstruct the nomination process!Such hypocrites!!
"I fulfilled my constitutional duty. Now it’s time for senators to do theirs." —President Obama	Oh you mean like the way Senator Obama and the Dems refused to do their same constitutional duties for the Bush nominee in 2007?
Judge Merrick Garland is a well qualified nominee who deserves fair consideration. http://ofa.bo/vLK	He is a good man and deserves a fair hearing!!!
Organizers across the country are speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process. http://ofa.bo/d5nK	They are doing their job as a majority they are speaking for the people that elected them.  Wonder why the democrats got shallacked?  Because the people spoke.
There's no reason why Senate leaders should refuse to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.	Senators....you might regret it to consider Judge Garland for a fair hearing....what could happen after November!!!
President Obama fulfilled his constitutional duty and nominated Judge Merrick Garland—a well-qualified nominee for the Supreme Court. Senate leaders need to put politics aside and do their job. http://ofa.bo/f9zs	The senate needs to do their job , the one they were elected to do and support the nomination for Supreme Court judge. Just do it!
Join the OFA Truth Team and give your family and friends the facts on issues that matter: http://ofa.bo/yKc	What is Truth dear . Come to my Temple . The Temple of My brother King Salomon , and I will show you what you looking for .
Support for a fair Supreme Court nomination process is growing. http://ofa.bo/uJm	They are following the Constitution. The Presidents' nominee is a second Amendment basher and otherwise unfit for Supreme Court.
Editorial boards across the country are calling for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: http://ofa.bo/b5qk	U are indeed the proud president of the world. Please can I ask for a   favor +60107133418
Share if you agree.	Like if you think  brzent,obama the best
Two-thirds of Americans want the Senate to hold a fair hearing for President Obama's Supreme Court nominee. Are you one of them? http://ofa.bo/f9zT	Where do you get your #'s?100 % of the people I know, including myself, do not support hearings on a nominee at this time.
Every past presidential nominee for the Supreme Court has received a vote within 125 days. Why should this one be any different?	Of the 36 unsuccessful nominations to the Supreme Court, quite a few never received a vote at all for various reasons.https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/RL31171.pdf
The United States and Canada just agreed to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas by as much as 45 percent by 2025. http://ofa.bo/vJV	In other news China heard about this and has cranked up pollution emissions 45 percent effective immediately lol
Senators leading the obstruction on a Supreme Court nominee have demanded up-or-down votes many times in the past. http://ofa.bo/f9yY	He and other need to leave the government and he's one more reason the GOP needs a quick death at the voting polls.
Extreme voices in the Senate shouldn't stand in the way of a fair hearing for the next Supreme Court nominee. http://ofa.bo/uIl	President Obama three in the afternoon I will pay salaries for six in the evening you come to my house looking for me Oh
"I know there is an argument that no nominee should be voted on in the last year of a presidency. But there is nothing in the Constitution—or our history—to support this view." —Vice President Bidenhttp://ofa.bo/e5is	Biden was against George bush in the 90's for the same thing. Democrats are want it there way and no other.
When every woman is able to reach her full potential, the world is a better and more peaceful place.	One small correction: "When every woman is able to reach her full potential, the world WILL BE a better and more peaceful place."
The solar industry is expected to add more new electricity-generating capacity than any other sector this year. http://ofa.bo/i9yM	Florida would be a great place to set up shop...Seriously, it costs more to use solar in this state than it saves!!
Spread the word: The Senate has plenty of time for a fair hearing on a Supreme Court nominee.	Should there not be a law against blocking a fair hearing on a Supreme Court Justice.  How can they get away with it?
"Most Americans want to see President Barack Obama nominate someone to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court." http://ofa.bo/z0If	Yes we want you to nominate someone to fill the vacancy open on the Supreme Court! What are you wanting for? GOP bullies have to comply with their constitutional duties!!
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country have to say about Senate leaders refusing to do their jobs. http://ofa.bo/i9xc	Take a look at what people are saying about you refusing to do your job. How about follow the constitution instead of trying to find ways around it.
Obstructing the Supreme Court nomination process for political reasons is unprecedented and irresponsible—demand action. http://ofa.bo/uHa	The fact that Obama can get anything done in the time of unprecedented partisan politics is amazing.
These headlines say it all—it's time for Senate leaders to do their job.	Its time for senate leaders to be voted out for not doing their jobs!
Fourteen presidents have appointed 21 Supreme Court justices during an election year. The Senate has no excuse not to act. http://ofa.bo/d5gn	Another way to word this is, "Two-thirds of all U.S. presidents never appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year."
President Obama plans to fulfill his constitutional duty. The Senate needs to step up and do the same.	If the senate refuses to hear your nominees: Armed revolution!! That means our government fails to operate, and must be overthrown!
Keep on dancing.	Saw this on all the networks that night, incidentally with short interviews after the fact.   Can't get enough of it.  Thanks for the replay.
Speak up for a fair and timely nomination process. Tell the Senate to do its job—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/wEt	Mr President its time for you to ENDORSE HILLARY yes its time now an that will bring the BOOM to feel the bernie
Refusing to even meet with the President's nominee is unprecedented—and irresponsible.	I admire you for all you've done even with all the BS the Republicans gave you.Go ahead with your nomination because the next President will be a Democrat.
The demand for solar energy is through the roof. http://ofa.bo/yDO	The demand for solar energy is through the roof.  Nice little pun by the prez
The Senate has a responsibility to fairly consider the President's nominee. Add your name if you agree: http://ofa.bo/g9pS	Barry, you have the responsibility to not be a hypocrite!!You and your jester, Joe "Oopsie" Biden are clowns.Go away!!
Stop obstructing our Supreme Court.	The Supreme Court is one of the checks and balances of our government.To willfully and intentionally obstruct that process is an act of treason.#GOPtreason
"A sterling record. A deep respect for the judiciary’s role. An understanding of the way the world really works. That’s what I’m considering as I fulfill my constitutional duty to appoint a judge to our highest court." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e5bD	I think president Obama is doing his constitutional duty as president!! Kudos to you Mr. Predident for your years of service to the americans!!
Average time to confirm recent Supreme Court nominees: 67 daysLongest it's taken to vote on a nominee: 125 daysNumber of days President Obama has left in office: 331 days	No President in the last 80 years (in an election year) has even so much as nominated a Justice the last year. Democrats stopped Bush in 1991 for 17 months.....
Spread the word: The Supreme Court is far too important for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games. http://ofa.bo/vBY	What the Senate is doing is well within their Constitutional authority, but since when has the Constitution mattered to Obama?
A fully staffed Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy.	Getting Obama out of office is a key part to "democracy"
The Senate has a constitutional responsibility to consider President Obama's Supreme Court nominee in a fair and timely manner. http://ofa.bo/g9mJ	As much of a Republican I am, this is 100% truth. The Senate has a duty to act upon a nominee ANY President has put forth.
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy, and the Senate has a duty to hold a fair hearing and timely vote on President Obama's nominee. http://ofa.bo/f9ns	Yes, that is right. However, it is not only a senate works alone, but, also all of us to work a fair hearing out!!!!!!!
Climate change denial is foolish in the face of facts. http://ofa.bo/f9nS	If the stupid of climate change be somehow in the United States and Japan and ChinaThere is no next of the worldLet's lend to what President Obama
4.9 percent unemployment: ✓Rising wages: ✓The longest streak of private-sector job growth on record: ✓It's hard to argue against facts.	Yet a record number of Americans are on Food Stamps!!Something doesn't add up?It's hard to argue against the facts.
Seven years ago today, President Obama signed the Recovery Act—and look how far our economy has come.	I'll believe that the economy has recovered when the almost 100 million people out of work have found jobs!
"The Recovery Act didn’t just stop the bleeding of the Great Recession. It invested in the very programs and people that form the foundation of an economy that’s gone from crisis to recovery to resurgence." —Vice President BidenRead more. http://ofa.bo/vAc	These are the kinds of programs that aid economy now and in the future.the
Equality is worth fighting for.	http://www1.folha.uol.com.br/mundo/2015/02/1588704-venezuela-prende-juiz-que-condenou-traficante-que-seria-proximo-a-governo.shtml  Equality is worth fighting for.? Help please..
Marriage equality is the law of the land—but discrimination against LGBT Americans still exists in too many states. http://ofa.bo/e5W8	The second amendment is the law of the land too but you're proud to discriminate against law abiding citizens just wanting to defend themselves.
It's a beautiful world, and President Obama is fighting to preserve it.	Yes it is a beautiful world, and it is wonderful that he is doing all he can to preserve our beautiful earth! God Bless you President Obama!
President Obama is building the "most expansive environmental and historic-preservation legacies in presidential history." http://ofa.bo/e5VU	Translation: Obama is grabbing up land for the federal government which is yet another action against the founding principles of America.  RODERICKE.COM
This Valentine's Day, stand up for equality. http://ofa.bo/y7p	Always stand up for equality.
"When young people are excited about science, technology, engineering, and math, that’s not just good for them. That’s good for America." —President ObamaRead more from the President's interview with Popular Science on climate change, the future, and why investing in science and technology is so important: http://ofa.bo/e5VC	Young people showing interest in those fields is good  for the whole world and not just America sir.
Love out loud. http://ofa.bo/y7j	Mr Obama when are you coming out of the closet?
2015 was another big year for clean energy. http://ofa.bo/u8K	and another big year for beheading.... by you homeboys!!!
America is about second chances, but too many nonviolent offenders are serving unfair sentences—that's a strain on our economy and our communities. http://ofa.bo/j9hP	Thank you Mr. President for looking into this unfair system and lets let this people out of jail now so they can move on with life and save us$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Our criminal justice system should be smarter, less expensive, and more effective.	The justice system should not be privatized.
Who are you rooting for?	You, President Obama, we are rooting for you!!
"Over the last seven years, we’ve made historic investments in clean energy that helped private-sector companies create tens of thousands of good jobs.It’s helped grow our economy and cut our total carbon pollution more than any other country on earth." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Bill Gates could really help with the climate change problem by stopping his investment and promotion of GMO seeds that are polluting the land air and water
Jobs and wages are up, and the employment rate is down. Today is a good day for the American economy. http://ofa.bo/b5cW	Shouldn't the comment above the photo say "Jobs and wages are up, and the UNemployment rate is down"? Proofreading is a wonderful thing.
This is worth celebrating.	It is worth celebrating! Congratulations President Obama!
Our system must be more than just a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails. Add your name to say you agree. http://ofa.bo/e5Uk	Maybe if we gave MORE to the schools and LESS to the prisons than we would have a lot less crime ....
Progress is only possible when people fight for it—say you're in. http://ofa.bo/h9sr	Pogress is only possible ehen people fight for it. Mr Barack Obama President...
Private-sector companies are doing their part to make our communities safer. It's time for Congress to do its part. http://ofa.bo/a5az	Private sector companies are doing their level best to make as much money as they can off people's "safety" freakouts.  Don't be ridiculous.
Look good while fighting for progress in 2016: http://ofa.bo/d5X3	Look good while fighting for progress in 2016: ...ofa.bo/d5X3
Help spread the facts about the issues you care about most: http://ofa.bo/a5ad	Help spread the facts about the issues you care about most: ...ofa.bo/a5ad
DEADLINE: Today's the day. Make sure you're covered. http://ofa.bo/d5Wm	This stuff is happening all over the world and if the reports start coming in about it happening here in the U.S. you won't even be safe in Dubai!
For the sake of American families, it's time for equal pay. http://ofa.bo/x6r	For the sake of American Families, it's time for Equal Parenting Rights!! Dads Rights #thefathersrightsmovement
Seven years ago today, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—but there's still more work to do.	Only Hillary can build on what good things for Americans and the world Obama has done in his term...Republicans means to dismantle what Obama has given the world.
Mark your calendars. http://ofa.bo/u6x	We served our time. Now its your turn.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will boost our economy while raising workers' wages. Take a look at more findings from a new study: http://ofa.bo/g9hF	TPP will boost our economy for the rich while further weakening the position of American labor, driving down wages, and increasing unemployment. Shame on you, you should know better.
2015 was the hottest year ever recorded. Here's what scientists are saying—and why climate action is so important: http://ofa.bo/x6D	Science be damned!How can the planet be warming when it just snowed?I think Republicans are "right".
Millions of Americans have already enrolled through the marketplace. If you need health insurance, you can find a plan that fits your budget: http://ofa.bo/f9jX	I want to know how much money you are making off your shitty health care bill.100 million a year?
"The United States is a nation of second chances, but the experience of solitary confinement too often undercuts that second chance." —President ObamaRead more. http://ofa.bo/c5UF	Solitary confinement is one of the most dangerous of punishments.
Share this and make sure your friends have the security of health insurance. http://ofa.bo/v6b	the other one assured to mend the bond torn by pride and working so hard to have the practices covered by Phl personal health insurance
97 percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real, man-made and dangerous.	97 percent of scientist do not agree that climate change is primarily human caused
"If you haven’t looked at your new coverage options, you’ve still got time to get covered on the health insurance marketplace for 2016. You have until January 31—next Sunday—to enroll. Just go to HealthCare.gov, CuidadoDeSalud.gov, or call 1-800-318-2596." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	How much more are my deductibles going up?  I SO can't wait for this idiot to get out of the White House and the GOP get back in there.
Lift off.	How much more are my deductibles going up?  I SO can't wait for this idiot to get out of the White House and the GOP get back in there.
Volunteers are sharing their personal stories to help prevent tragic acts of gun violence. Take a look: http://ofa.bo/u5c	He lets out numerous terrorists from Gittmo to continue their attack on the free world through gun violence and more...what a hypocrite.
Health insurance is only a few clicks away: http://ofa.bo/c5T1	Health insurance is kinda worthless when you have a Rockefeller "nazi-ish" healthcare standard. What good is medication, when medications are the leading cause of most diseases, AND mental illness???
The solar industry is booming.	In Bulgaria solar killing. The energy from solar is 10 times higher.don't you know it.this is big minus
"Scientists reported Wednesday that 2015 was the hottest year in recorded history by far, breaking a record set only the year before."Read more. http://ofa.bo/y4z	Obama is caught and yet another deception and lie! 2015 was not the hottest year on record! Lolhttp://www.forbes.com/sites/jamestaylor/2016/01/14/2015-was-not-even-close-to-hottest-year-on-record/
Another step forward in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/c5SN	Also another step forward in the fight against water pollution.
American diplomacy has helped verifiably block Iran's pathways to a nuclear bomb. http://ofa.bo/g9f8	what about USA's nuclear bombs? Whose diplomacy is going to help for that?
"As Americans of all races and beliefs come together on this day of service to honor the life and legacy of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., let us pledge to recognize the common humanity of all people." —President Obama	Proud of the accomplishments from those in the past that paved the way and those that are leading to protect equal human rights and freedom. Thank you
Happy birthday to the First Lady—thank you for inspiring millions.	Happy birthday to America's First Lady, Mrs. Michelle Obama. Wishing you the best and many more to come!!!
"That’s when America works best—when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security; and when everyone can contribute to this country we love. That’s how we make sure that hardworking families can get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	There are so many Black people like Barack across the Western World but never given opportunity like him to contribute to the world!  Thank you Sir, POTUS Obama!
Don't let the deadline pass you by—today's the last day to check out your options for coverage that starts February 1: http://ofa.bo/d5Sn	Obama y better help the people on the streets and the people who needs insurance if you want to be the president for this season also.
"We wouldn't have made the kind of progress we've made without you, out there in your neighborhoods, on the streets, in your communities." —Vice President Biden to OFA supportersRead more: http://ofa.bo/w4V	Two of you have every right whatsoever to smile.Know what?You are the most admired in the world.
Change isn't easy—you have to fight for it.	ISIS have to fight for it .clear M.Barack Obama ???!!!
The solar industry added 35,000 jobs in 2015 alone—up 20 percent from 2014. http://ofa.bo/g9db	This is energy moving in the right direction. Over 20 growth in 2015, and now employs more than the oil and gas industry in the US.
Today, be sure to catch to Vice President Biden as he talks to Organizing for Action supporters about how far we've come and the path ahead in 2016. http://ofa.bo/g9dW	Trump will be the anti-Obama and fix Obama's mistakes. But only if we vote in a congress who will work for him like the Republicans worked for Obama.
Fired up? Join this grassroots movement today. http://ofa.bo/g9dB	Barack Obama. Fered up? Join this grassroots movement today. http://ofa.bo/g9dBLET'S GET TO WORK IN 2016 It's President Obama's final year in office, but this momemt't slwing down. WWW.BARACKOBAMA.COM.
It's here—tune in at 9 p.m. ET for President Obama's last State of the Union: http://ofa.bo/e5Pj	Governor Nikki Haley talk about a Punch in the Face for Obama, but doing it in a Nice and Kind 2 Faced way...
"I’m more optimistic about the prospects of America than when I was as a 29-year-old kid first elected to the United States Senate." —Vice President Biden http://ofa.bo/z03q	Well Im more optimistic about the prospects of America than I was in 2009. Thanks Obama. No seriously. Thanks.
From the lowest uninsured rate on record to 70 straight months of private-sector job growth, this country has come a long way in the past seven years. Take a look at some of the progress. http://ofa.bo/d5S5	The final State of the Union from President Obama was mandatory in my household. I watched it three times with pleasure.
Tomorrow night. 9 p.m. ET. Don't miss it. http://ofa.bo/j9bF	Thanks Mr Obama for 8 years
Read President Obama's message to OFA supporters on how everyone can get involved to help prevent gun violence. http://ofa.bo/j9b0	If you think everyone should have a gun to discourage criminals, then please go up to Oregon and rid of the criminals. Please go now....
President Obama's final State of the Union is on January 12. Say you'll be watching—and join the conversation. http://ofa.bo/w2v	President Barak Obama will give his final argument to the 2016 Congress of the United States of America on  January 12, 2016.  #Historic  #EverybodyWatch #ProudMoment
"Since our plan went into effect, our automakers have added more than 640,000 new jobs ... Seven years ago, auto sales hit a 27-year low. Last year, they hit an all-time high." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	And now the market is going to crash because everyone bought new cars in the past 3 years and now no one needs one. Thanks obama
The economy continues to improve, adding 292,000 jobs in December—surpassing original predictions. http://ofa.bo/y0I	Notice the Republicans haven't made the economy and jobs a huge issue in their campaigns? This is why. They don't want to talk about this.
"There are steps we can take now to save lives. And all of us—at every level of government, in the private sector and as citizens—have to do our part. We all have a responsibility." —President ObamaRead more: http://ofa.bo/c5N2	"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."
President Obama's common-sense actions are progress on gun violence prevention—but Congress needs to pass a long-term solution. http://ofa.bo/d5Ni	Those who don't care about people's life will never consider guns' control is the only path necessary to sustain a peaceful living environment for all Americans
Tune in to CNN at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at a town hall event on reducing gun violence in America.	What a pleasure to see Gabby Giffords with her husband Mark Kelly at the CNN town hall meeting with POTUS.
After seven years of progress, tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union and see what's in store for his last 12 months in office. http://ofa.bo/w02	President Mr Obama will remember ever in the history for his 'humanitorian approach'!
In 2007, wind power generated less than 1 percent of total electricity in the United States. Today, it's on track to reach 20 percent by 2030. http://ofa.bo/j9Xi	Twenty per cent by 2030 is just not fast enough...make that 40 percent with solar adding another twenty percent.
Twelve months to go—tune in for the beginning of President Obama's final year. http://ofa.bo/e5LA	I would like to watch the final State for the Union address of honorable President Barack Obama this coming January 12,2016.
Excuses for inaction just can't stand any longer. It's time for Congress to step up and help stop gun violence in America.	Thank you for taking a stand - finally something will get done to curb and oneday stop this senseless gun violence that permeates our country!!!  Hats off to you, sir!
President Obama just took action to protect our communities from gun violence—it's time for Congress to step up and do the same. http://ofa.bo/uK	Thank you President Barack Obama for taking a step in the right direction to protect our children and our communities. #momsagainstgunviolence
New year, new you? Check out your options and start this year off on the right foot. http://ofa.bo/j9Wp	Don't you smoke cigarettes?? Maybe YOU need to start out on the right foot!
Twelve more months of progress to go—tune in. http://ofa.bo/xD	twelve months of trampling over the rights of americans while trying to bypass congress because they don't agree with you. good luck!
"We know that we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one? What if Congress did something—anything—to protect our kids from gun violence?" —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Thank you, President Obama. Thank you for doing something that the rest of them did not have the courage to do! As a responsible gun owner, I support you absolutely.
Hello, 2016.	Thank you, President Obama. Thank you for doing something that the rest of them did not have the courage to do! As a responsible gun owner, I support you absolutely.
FINAL CHANCE: Time's running out to support the fight for progress in 2016. Chip in by midnight. http://ofa.bo/i9Zm	The fight for progress is getting him the hell out of office.
LAST CALL: Today's the last day to enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/d5Mg	Happy New Years to you President Obama and family.. Here's to another great year in 2016! !
DEADLINE: Time's running out—beat the buzzer and chip in $5 before the fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/j9Wg	I donated for the first time ever to a presidential hopeful and not you, not yet.Put this on your agenda!!
Get ready to pitch in—the fundraising deadline is here. http://ofa.bo/c5LV	Yea, pitch in for more of this...way to go obama, you certainly did build this.   http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2015/12/30/obamas-agency-reveals-plan-give-work-permits-myriad-foreign-college-graduates/
We can't afford to go back now. http://ofa.bo/g9XN	" We can't afford to go back now."...but republicants want to take us back..... back to the 1600's.
Time to get pumped up for the fights in 2016. Here's how you can help. http://ofa.bo/f9aV	I hope when I get to the mean ship you get hurt. Hi
Marriage equality is the law of the land—but in most states, someone can still be fired because of who they love. Continue to fight for equal rights into 2016 and beyond: http://ofa.bo/g9XI	We must continue to fight for the same rights and protections that all American citizens expect...Thank you ,President Obama..you are simply the best!
President Obama's last State of the Union address is January 12th—don't miss it. http://ofa.bo/g9XF	I will be in the last of your last the state of the union address,Mr PRESIDENT.
You can't aaargue with progress. Do your part to keep up the fight before the deadline. http://ofa.bo/t9VT	Hi Mr. President, if you are interested to keep your country be the No.1 leading country in the world market.
You and a friend could be taking in this view. All you have to do is enter. http://ofa.bo/c5L5	if you  can asure me to the fact of truth. that I will not have to eat a salmon , that had all ready been eaten  by a wild bear.
Chip in today, and help give this grassroots movement a lift heading into 2016. http://ofa.bo/h9ha	Happy New year Mr President and family. All Hail to the Chief! Happy New Year to all Americans, let's make it a good one together!
"On behalf of Malia, Sasha, Bo, Sunny, Grandma, and everyone here at the White House, Merry Christmas." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Thank you, Mr. President and Mrs. Obama, as well as the rest of your family members at the White House.  Love you, from Boise, Idaho:)
The United States is leading global efforts to tackle climate change—but extreme voices in Congress are trying to stand in the way of progress. http://ofa.bo/i9ZA	"The United States is leading global efforts to tackle climate change"....After years and years of not accepting Kyoto protocol. LOL
Your bucket list won't complete itself. Here's your chance at a free trip to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/d5MA	Will a free trip to Alaska fix our economy?
The Paris Agreement marks the biggest global step toward combating climate change.	Hopefully, only the first global step toward combating climate change.
The window to chip in before the fundraising deadline is closing. http://ofa.bo/g9Wj	The only thing I would chip in for is a one way ticket for you and your administration to the middle east where you belong.  Anti-American Traitors
See mother nature up close. http://ofa.bo/j9Vv	Even God also can't explain mother love for there children.
Stand up for long-term progress—become an OFA Champion today. http://ofa.bo/h9hB	Hallo wellkamn history's Man presiden Barack Obama Stand up for long-term progress—become an OFA Champion today.
Don't cruise past the big fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/i9Yl	Don't cruise past the big fundraising deadline Barack Obama . President Obama Declares the GOAT . http://fanfree.ga/2015/12/19/president-obama-declares-the-goat/?ckattempt=2                                                                                                               .
"The number one reason I’m optimistic going into 2016: It's you—the American people. All of this progress is because of you—because of workers rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	"All of this progress is because of you—because of workers rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done."Thanks. Is that a retraction of your "you didn't build that"?
There's still more work to do in the fight against climate change—on every level. Check out what happens when organizers come together to discuss the path forward in their communities: http://ofa.bo/j9Vj	There is a lot to be done to in the fight against police thuggery.  We demand to know what happened in Galena KS Dec 15
Don't miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. http://ofa.bo/d5Ln	Obama,once in a lifetime means,don't miss to screw tranvitte buttock and vagina.
Marriage equality for all: ✔A global climate agreement: ✔The longest streak of job growth on record: ✔But there's still more work to do. http://ofa.bo/c5KQ	Nice Dream Worldwide Mariage equality for all and The Security to, in the longest streak of job and a Grobal Environement and more work God bless you.
Get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier. Add your name to enter.	Get lost in the beauty that you're not in office for much longer😊😉
The global climate agreement is a huge step forward. http://ofa.bo/s9Yb	Great now maybe all this terrorism will stop now that the global climate agreement was made 😒
LAST CHANCE: Don't miss today's deadline. Check out your options today for coverage that begins on January 1st. http://ofa.bo/f9ZP	Yes sign up for your health care, do not worry if you can't pay for it...we will make the working people of this country pay for your share.
Here's your chance to take in the beauty of Alaska—and recommit to the fight for climate action. Enter now: http://ofa.bo/e5Ic	Charly Michel, Mr. President,  it's my pleasure to spend a visit in the word of ALASKA! Thank you very much for your well done job in climate protection. (y)
Nearly 200 countries came together to commit to global action on climate change—show your support: http://ofa.bo/d5LM	Everyone must try to take action against climate changeThanks Nearly 200 countries.Thanks president Obama.
"We must not forget the power we have locally."Find out how these volunteers are helping shape the discussion on climate change in their community: http://ofa.bo/d5L4	Thats very nice we all must support you President and have to take action from grassroots level to fight against climate change as we are all responsible
Get ready for a healthy, happy new year with coverage you can afford. Enroll today: http://ofa.bo/h9g3	Our insurance is going up $600 a month starting in January.  How can that be called "affordable"????
As the global climate talks continue, don't miss your chance to be part of this historic moment. Here's how you can get involved: http://ofa.bo/e5I7	We need to support that climate change problem, be ready to act together. This is our future !
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to cut pollution and fight climate change.	An umbrella fights back more climate change than all the wasted time of 180 nations bs leaders.
The time to act on climate change is now.	It is never too late to act on climate change now.
The global community is coming together to work toward progress on climate change.	Its sure is a great step forward for climate change and should all t@ke the initiative of helping d global warming and other calamities to overcome over the near future.
Some people suspected of terrorist activity on the No-Fly List can still legally purchase assault weapons because of a loophole in current laws—but Congress can change that.Add your name to show your support for closing this dangerous loophole: http://ofa.bo/a5N5	Are you going to have the same 75 TSA agents that were linked to terrorism now oversee your gun control of the no fly list?  We are all just wondering.
If you're on the No-Fly List, you shouldn't be able to buy a weapon of war.	NO-ONE should be able to buy a weapon of war!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Add your name to show your support for common-sense gun safety measures, like closing the No-Fly List loophole. http://ofa.bo/i9Wn	All he's asking for is common sense gun control and to get rid of assault riffles....not take away your guns...
If you're on the No-Fly list, you shouldn't be able to purchase a weapon of war.	If you are a citizen you shouldn't be able to purchase weapons of war.Full stop.Leave that to the Guardians .
"We know that the killers in San Bernardino used military-style assault weapons—weapons of war—to kill as many people as they could. It’s another tragic reminder that here in America it’s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Here in America is way too easy for dangerous people to become president! Stop the Liberalism disease!
If you want to be covered on January 1st, be sure to check out your options and enroll by December 15th. http://ofa.bo/s9WV	It would be even more affordable if you stopped sending cash to people such as the Islamic Brotherhood and started to look after your own people, ya know THE AMERICANS!!!!!!!
Obamacare provisions have helped save billions of dollars—and thousands of lives. See the numbers: http://ofa.bo/a5M7	Its helped saved billions of dollars  and thousands of lives yet premiums are raising, what's missing here.
The Clean Power Plan is part of American leadership on climate change.	Clean power plan is part of American leadership.... What a joke......America- Country who make the climate to change
Sixty years ago today, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat—and changed America.	Thank you to the girl who refused to give up her seat before Rosa as well, love to you both
Read why the Clean Power Plan is an essential part of American leadership in the global effort to tackle climate change. http://ofa.bo/j9So	Read why fighting Islamic terrorism is NOT an essential part of Obama's political positions related to the global effort to tackle radical Muslims and Islamic terrorism.
The global community is coming together to tackle climate change. You can join the conversation: http://ofa.bo/b5O2	it is time to take action to stop the global warming.
Read from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on why the global community is in a strong position heading into the international climate talks. http://ofa.bo/c5HX	Climate change is so devastating. U.S to lead in global agreement is crucial for the future betterment.
While you're recovering from that Thanksgiving meal, check out your options: http://ofa.bo/r9X9	While you're recovering from the end of your delusions that you're a dictator, check this out: http://sputniknews.com/business/20151127/1030879755/russia-investment-rising.htmlI'm curious. What financial advice would a jug-eared jackalope give me?
"I hope that you and your family have a wonderful Thanksgiving, surrounded by loved ones, and full of joy and gratitude." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Thanks President Obama! I hope your family and the White House had a wonderful Thanksgiving as well.
You could be saving money. Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/d5It	need health insurance?   stay away from Obamacare or you will be screwed big time.
Organizers in Tennessee are working hard to expand health care coverage in their communities. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r9X7	... Tennessee is going to start expanding health care coverage by distributing, and encouraging the use of, shoes to its citizens..!! Lol
The international community is coming together to address climate change—but there are still more than 130 members of Congress denying the science behind it.Say you're ready for strong international efforts. http://ofa.bo/i9VC	There is something fishy about Obama's desperate push for climate change agenda, When matters of international terrorism and American's security are at stake. Whose interest is Obama persuing?
Happy Birthday, Vice President Biden.	There is something fishy about Obama's desperate push for climate change agenda, When matters of international terrorism and American's security are at stake. Whose interest is Obama persuing?
We have to act on climate change now. http://ofa.bo/g9TO	We have to act on climate change yesterday. But better now than tomorrow.
We can't let climate change deniers slow progress. Show your support for international efforts to address climate change: http://ofa.bo/h9d0	climate change reforms can change the climate change policy.....its very easy .......lets develop syria, afghanistan, bagdad.
After the OFA Fall Summit, these organizers are fired up and ready to keep working. http://ofa.bo/p9bI	Latinos are getting PISSED ,, refugees get to cut to the front of the line for green cards.
The international community is ready to tackle climate change. It's time for deniers in Congress to get in the game.	The international community is ready to tackle Islamic terrorism.It's time for deniers to get in the game.Hmmm, who would that be?
In just two weeks, countries all over the world are gathering for an international conference to tackle climate change—but there are still many in Congress who would like to derail it.Add your name to stand up for strong global efforts to tackle climate change. http://ofa.bo/f9Vq	Shouldn't countries all over the world be trying to tackle the terrorist hurting innocent people, they're going to kill us before climate change does! 🙄
GQ's Man of the Year talks family, basketball, and what it's like to know what's inside Area 51. Read the interview: http://ofa.bo/a5Kk	Bruce Jenner is the woman of the year and Obamas the man of the year..?Id like to know who decides these things.
The science is clear: Climate change is real and man-made—which is why the Clean Power Plan is so important.	Climate change is real and is NOT man-made!
You may be able to save money on your health insurance. Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/d5I1	What good is insurance with NO coverage?? We can also save $$ if you and your family would stop these extravagant vacations!!
Climate change is real—and we have to act now. http://ofa.bo/q9PM	If we have to act now to slow climate change, then why are you signing the TPP?
Read from a veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer on the risks of not actively fighting climate change. http://ofa.bo/e5FK	Wasn't Bernie Sanders the only one who stated climate change was the biggest threat to national security during the democratic debate?  Check me on that one...
Make sure you shop around to get the best plan possible: http://ofa.bo/g9T6	That is so funny; Shop around to get the best Affordable Health Insurance.  It is not Affordable to working people .
"Today, we gather once more to salute every patriot who has ever proudly worn the uniform of the United States of America." —President Obama	If it is a pride wear the uniform of the patriots, proud to be given more united states of america, greetings to all estadounidenes !!!
"These tough new rules level the playing field, and when American workers have a fair chance to compete, I believe they’ll win every time." —President Obama on the Trans-Pacific PartnershipRead more: http://ofa.bo/f9Vf	Will the workers of partner countries have a fair chance in competition with the US dictated rules? Obviously not if American workers win every time!
"If you haven’t gotten covered yet, or if you care about someone who hasn’t gotten covered yet, now’s your chance. It’s open enrollment season for the health insurance marketplace." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	Obamacare the unaffordable health coverage its expensive and now you want me to also pay for my prescriptions what sense does that make
BREAKING: President Obama just rejected the Keystone XL pipeline—another huge step in the fight against climate change. Join this fight. http://ofa.bo/p9ai	President, you should be strutting! That was such a win in terms of leadership on climate change, diplomacy with Canada and in setting the record right on domestic economy!
Take some time and check out your options today. http://ofa.bo/s9UO	if this health insurance is so good why are you  and your family and Congress required to sign up for it?
Read how the Trans-Pacific Partnership ensures American leadership on trade. http://ofa.bo/b5ME	It ensures the leadership of corporations, to the detriment of the American public and the environment, among other things.
Add your name in support of a sensible, bipartisan budget agreement: http://ofa.bo/c5G1	Good Job Mr President. Full support for bipartisan budget deal to move your country in right direction under the leadership of skill President.
Time to shop around. http://ofa.bo/f9VC	Time to shop around. ofa.bof9VC
Health care enrollment is back. Make sure you're getting the best deal: http://ofa.bo/r9Vj	http://donatecarfor74.blogspot.com care getting sure care the the
Student organizers from schools across the country came together to develop their skills and learn from each other. Check it out: http://ofa.bo/e5Ey	Keep up the great work, ignore the jihadists from the Fox News and their return to the dark ages in science, women's health and human rights.
You don't even need to get out of bed to get covered. http://ofa.bo/j9Qs	That's right: "You don't even need to get out of bed to get covered."He wants you to keep on sleeping............WAKE UP PEOPLE:
Open enrollment is here.	Pete,  the law is a DISASTER
Happy Halloween.	Pete,  the law is a DISASTER
"It’s not about politics. It’s about whether we as a nation live up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all. And working together, we can make sure that we do." —President Obama on criminal justice reformWatch the weekly address.	Well when are you gonna start living up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all????????
REMINDER:	Well when are you gonna start living up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all????????
Don't let climate change deniers and big polluters derail the Clean Power Plan—show your support: http://ofa.bo/b5Ly	Don't let climate change deniers and big polluters derail a chance for 0bama to tax the hell out of the middle class.
"Recovery can't just be focused on short-term needs, but on long-term risk and vulnerabilities." —Shaun Donovan, Director of the Office of Management and BudgetRead more. http://ofa.bo/c5Fo	Obama wastes his time on "climate change" when he should be focused on immediate problems like cancer and our sluggish economy and the high unemployment.
Mayors are calling on Congress to do something about gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/e5Es	Mayors should call on Congress to do something about gunlobby in America.
Share to spread the word: Open enrollment is almost here.	http://T3gdj2N.blogspot.com Open spread almost to almost
Mark your calendar.	Mark your calendar, Mr. President.http://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?iso=20161108T07&p0=611&msg=Countdown+until+Obama+is+OUT+OF+OFFICE
Federal limits on methane pollution will help fight climate change and improve public health. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/r9VV	http://VXR7sXL.blogspot.com and will methane on limits help ofa.bor9VV health. your
Join the team spreading the truth about the issues of the day: ofa.bo/s9Tv	The following is the link to understand the truth about Kashmir Problem and Solution:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhi8hRb2z-o
"Because America is leading by example, 150 countries, representing 85% of global emissions, have now laid out plans to reduce their levels of harmful carbon pollution that warms our planet." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	"Leading by example", Mr. President how can you blow smoke about leading the world in the combat against pollution when Germany's energy is 50% green energy....what's Americas?
We need new standards to help curb methane pollution—and improve public health. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/j9Qc	Please for my children let's enforce effective policies to battle our methane and carbon output
Another reason why action on climate change is so important. ofa.bo/q9Oq	Whether or not people believe it, climate change is happening.....
Meet Diali: A professional fellow that was recently named a White House Champion of Change. ofa.bo/r9VN	Barack Obama Al Baghdadi :A professional terrorist ISIS that was recently named a White House Champion of terrorism in syrie and irak
It's time to do something. http://ofa.bo/a5Jo	It's time to shut up about gun control, make everyone armed and teach everyone how to defend themselves with one anything else won't work PERIOD
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses. http://ofa.bo/c5FU	They may be running out of excuses, but they're not running out of money.
It's time to take action.	http://GQIKxmo.blogspot.com It's time to take action.
"In too many cases, our criminal justice system is a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	http://ZFAc9Ei.blogspot.com "In schools jails." the is pipeline many to cases, is from
Under the Obama administration, the deficit has been cut by roughly three-quarters since 2009. http://ofa.bo/h9bO	http://lhA1rUy.blogspot.com been deficit the Obama been 2009. administration,
Gun violence shouldn't be so commonplace. It's time for Congress to do something about it. http://ofa.bo/i9TA	I agree  is time for Congress to  do something about this  evil guns  violence. People's lives  matter.
Seventy percent of Americans agree on the science of climate change. It's time for deniers in Congress to listen. http://ofa.bo/g9Rs	Since 98% of scientists say that humans have contributed to the climate change, in large measure....but most of the GOP does not care about science or facts.
From organizers to elected officials, people in New Mexico are celebrating progress on health care reform. http://ofa.bo/a5JN	Republicans are opposing the health care but yet not coming up with a sustainable solution!
Here's another reason why taking action to fight climate change is so important. http://ofa.bo/r9UW	http://pLBGCUN.blogspot.com fight climate Here's action why taking is
Repealing Obamacare would be devastating for millions of families.	...Forcing it into law was devastating for millions of families...
"This week, after five years of effort with eleven other nations, we reached agreement on a new trade deal that promotes American values and protects American workers." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address. http://ofa.bo/e5DV	Obama this is not good for the American people,if its a good deal the American can have the details of the agreement,
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. Congress needs to step up and take action to prevent more gun-related tragedies. http://ofa.bo/p9YO	Congress also needs to step up and take action to prevent more Obama-related tragedies....like Obamcare and the Iran deal.
More than 10,000 Americans die from gun violence each year—that can change.	And 20,000 more die from gun suicide each year.
Mass shootings are far too commonplace in the United States—but that can change. Add your name if you want Congress to do something about gun violence. http://ofa.bo/p9YJ	I am Italian so there's nothing I can do about it but the Congress must do something asap, in order to prevent gun violence!
Share the Truth Team Digest and make sure your friends have the facts on gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/s9S9	The facts are in and you are on the wrong side of this issue. Why do you champion making more people defenseless?
Add your name to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)—a trade deal that boosts American-made exports, supports higher-paying jobs, and protects American workers. http://ofa.bo/p9YE	NAFTA and CAFTA had the same rhetoric. I support you Mr President, and support the Iran deal (and great job Mr. Kerry), but respectfully I decline to support the TPP.
Read how one OFA organizer got her start and eventually landed her dream job fighting for a good cause. http://ofa.bo/g9Qr	What you gave her a federal job? Great another job on the backs of the taxpayers!  Govt jobs is NOT job growth!!!!
The largest regional trade accord in history has the chance to set enforceable labor and environmental standards around the Pacific. http://ofa.bo/t9OX	"The largest regional trade accord in  history has a chance to set enforceable labor and environmental standards around the Pacific."  Yeah, a fat chance...and no chance of helping American workers.
Read about organizers' steps to prevent gun violence—and how they're continuing to push for reform. http://ofa.bo/g9Qn	I'd like to read about your steps to prevent drone violence.  Do tell, Mr. President!
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget rather than flirt with another shutdown. A serious budget is one that keeps America strong." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Stop spending and they will make a budget that's reasonable.  Every year with you Obama, look in he mirror and you'll see the problem!
More than 10,000 Americans die every year from gun violence. That needs to change. http://ofa.bo/h9Zg	You are 20 times more likely to die from gun crime in America than any other developed nation.
Congressional action on gun violence is long overdue.	Explain the gun violence in Chicago then, idiots.
DEADLINE: It's your last chance to make a big play. Show your support. http://ofa.bo/d5FK	Plz pull your forces back from Syria, I got a bad feeling Russia is going to shoot down one of your aircraft and will spark a world war
Think you could impress President Obama? Give it your best shot—enter before the midnight deadline. http://ofa.bo/a5Hs	If I couldn't  meet you when  you came  to Kenya,, what chance  do I have of meeting  you in America  ??it's like trying  to hit the sun  with  a stone.
DEADLINE: Chip in to support this movement before time runs out. http://ofa.bo/r9Su	I'll support any movement that ends with you leaving the white house.You don't have to jog though.You could just walk.
You and a friend could be headed to D.C. this fall. (The company's guaranteed to be good.)Enter now: http://ofa.bo/r9Sn	You and a friend could be headed to D.C. This fall..If you donate to whatever stupid organization that is setting up this pointless trip.
Start testing your best joke. You could be telling it to President Obama: http://ofa.bo/h9Z7	wtf...the only way you can enter is to make a donation? i need donations myself!
The clock's ticking—chip in before the big fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/f9SS	Not enough money from the big companies? Tz that's so sad.Stop the war in Syria and the destabilization of europe!
In this exclusive interview with Rolling Stone, President Obama discusses the importance of creativity when it comes to fighting climate change. http://ofa.bo/f9SQ	Obama needs to understand that climate change is not just an Alaska thing, it's happening in his own backyard!
"We’ve got to make sure that our criminal justice system works.” —President ObamaGo behind the scenes of the President's recent trip to a federal prison. http://ofa.bo/e5CC	"We’ve got to make sure that our criminal justice system works.” —President ObamaInteresting that he calls it ""our criminal justice system"Slip of the...
You could meet President Obama this fall. Enter now: http://ofa.bo/t9NY	I have no reason to meet this man...
Fight to keep this powerful movement going. Chip in: http://ofa.bo/b5J0	I just made a contribution! I want to help the President <3  and Michelle <3  to keep this powerful movement going!  (Y) :)
Start working on your entrance. Here's your chance to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/j9Nc	I want really to meet the great man of the world President Obama God bless you and your family.
Fall leaves. Sunglasses. President Obama. Enter for your chance to meet the Commander-in-Chief. http://ofa.bo/g9Ph	Greating to you président Obama.I hope that I meet you in the future.I vsited Washington in 2013 but I coudn't meet you.I took  only some pictures of your white house.
Climate change is an urgent problem. Read more from Pope Francis: http://ofa.bo/e5Bf	Climate change is definitely an urgent crisis...Congress needs to act.
Lend a hand—chip in to support this movement: http://ofa.bo/q9Lh	Make a dontation?  in this economy and i have to pay for everyone on obamacare.  Get real.
Here's your chance to have President Obama welcome you with open arms: http://ofa.bo/g9PX	I would like to meet with you but  I will pay my expenses because i need your inspiration and I like your speeches on improving people's lives.
Hello, fall.	I would like to meet with you but  I will pay my expenses because i need your inspiration and I like your speeches on improving people's lives.
Get fixed up to the nines—you could be meeting the President this fall. http://ofa.bo/j9Mz	i would like to meet the people's president, the one and only mr obama.
This number is great news. But there's still more work to do to get people covered. http://ofa.bo/p9W3	All the Republicans already said if they do become president they're going to do all they can to unravel Obamacare...Which is bullish*t. Cuz it's working fine for so many people....
Lights, camera—President Obama. Enter for your chance to meet him this fall. http://ofa.bo/r9QG	I just want to meet him and thank him for his excellent job. How l wish Michelle Obama could run for president that way he don't have leave Whitehouse.
Time is running out for Congress to pass a budget and avoid another government shutdown. http://ofa.bo/b5HH	Time for Obama to submit a Budget, once out of 6 years is a bad record.
These Tucson volunteers are taking action to make their community a better place. http://ofa.bo/d5Cg	Great ones is good to make our community a better place to live.
Take a look at how climate change is affecting global temperatures. http://ofa.bo/c5Aw	Climate change has been a natural occurrence since the beginning of earth. Are you sure global warming is happening. And isn't just a climate change.
"America is great right now—not because of our government, or our wealth, or our power, but because of everyone who works hard every day to move this country forward. Now Congress needs to work as hard as you do." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	Thanks to you, our country is in great shape.  I am so proud of what you have accomplished.........Keep up the good work.....
People shouldn't have to choose between taking care of a sick loved one and getting a paycheck. http://ofa.bo/d5Aq	For most of the Europeans it' considered only normal to have paid leave when one is ill; or for sure when a mother is having a baby.
This is what it looks like when countries work together on climate change. http://ofa.bo/p9SQ	That's right President Obama , countries work together on climate change.
The number of Americans without health insurance continues to drop—thanks to Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/q9H4	And the number of people who are unabke to put food on their table because they have to pay unaffordable insurance premiums...continues to rise.
The deficit cut by two-thirds, the lowest unemployment rate in seven years, and the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record—but there's more work to do.	His own deficit cut by 2/3 still higher than any other president in history, real unemployment hovering around 11% labor participation rate at around 50% lowest since great depression
Coming out of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, the economy has added 13.1 million jobs over 66 straight months—the longest streak on record. Take a look at how far we've come: http://ofa.bo/c58Z	President Obama saved America from financial ruin and made the economy even stronger than it was before the recession!
Change starts with you. Be part of the team fighting for progress. http://ofa.bo/t9I3	Be a Part of the team fighting for the Progress of the Universe !!!
Pursuing a higher education shouldn't mean taking on a lifetime of debt.	I'm with you on this, but living shouldn't mean taking on a lifetime of debt, either.
"Americans will now have access to reliable data on every institution of higher education. You’ll be able to see how much each school’s graduates earn, how much debt they graduate with, and what percentage of a school’s students can pay back their loans." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	Best president ever. As a full time tutor, this will really help all of my students and I know so many more will benefit from this.
"In memory of those we lost, we resolved to shape a world where events like those of September 11, 2001, could never happen again, and we see this unbreakable spirit live on every day across America." —President Obama	"We resolved to shape a world where events like those of September 11, 2001, could never happen again". How's that working out for you?
Solar energy is breaking records every quarter—and this one is no different. http://ofa.bo/e54F	With solar energy it is cheap and we renew every time for free no expens,that's why it's hitting another record
Add your name and join the conversation on the Iran deal. http://ofa.bo/f9JM	deal. on deal. join join conversation and the Iran your name on  :(
Read how the Obama administration is fighting for working families at the local level. http://ofa.bo/r9Ix	'Read how the Obama administration is fighting working families at the local level.'The destruction of America continues.
Get the facts from Secretary of State John Kerry on the international agreement with Iran to curb its nuclear program. http://ofa.bo/e53H	The main purpose of iran to become a nuclear country is to wipeoff israil from the world map. Long live iRAN.
"This Labor Day, let us remember the struggles and the progress that have defined America, and let us resolve to continue building a nation where everyone is treated fairly, where hard work pays off, and where all things are possible for all people." —President Obama	Thank you President Obama for reminding us of that this country offers freedom to all who seek and are willing to work for it.
This is great news for middle-class families. http://ofa.bo/c54u	"Great news for middle class families" When's the great news for working class families?
"If Congress wants to support working Americans and strengthen our middle class, they can pass a budget that invests in, not makes cuts to, the middle class." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	If Congress wants to support working Americans and strengthen our middle class, they need to follow through and impeach the Muslim in Chief!
Check out these highlights from President Obama's trip to Alaska—including Denali, a trip to the Arctic Circle, and a spawning salmon: http://ofa.bo/q9CM	Beautiful photos of our President's trip to a Alaska!  Hope to visit again soon!!
The unemployment rate just fell to 5.1 percent—the lowest since April 2008.That's good news—but there's more work to do. http://ofa.bo/q9CJ	Congratulations Mr Obama. The employment rate is the lowest its been since you took office. 90 million not working, folks!
Facts matter—spread the word. http://ofa.bo/i9H0	Nothing but the FACTS, folks!
Tomorrow is your last chance to let the Department of Labor know that you support stronger overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/d55r	Regarding president , we trustd up to  you , you are good friends for lobours .so you only decide what is the such & happyness....
President Obama is fighting to restore rights for hard-working Americans. http://ofa.bo/f9Hz	Can Barack Obama spare a few minutes to fight to restore the Constitutional rights of hard working American Kim Davis?https://thepundit456.wordpress.com/2015/09/01/president-obama-is-kim-davis-worth-five-words/
Read President Obama's message on why he's traveling through Alaska this week: http://ofa.bo/r9Hn	I voted for you and very happy that I did, but at the moment the world and our nation is in CHAOS, and a little trip to Alaska isn't helping.
Before Friday's deadline, tell the Department of Labor you support modern overtime rules for a modern economy. http://ofa.bo/c53s	I support modern overtime rules for a modern economy.
Speaking in Alaska this week, President Obama emphasized the urgent global need to take action on climate change. Read more: http://ofa.bo/t9DT	There is urgent need to stop ObamaO global warming factors and base the world on clean energy The President
"The advocates for a vote of disapproval in Congress have also not put forward a viable alternative." —Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright on the Iran dealRead more: http://ofa.bo/d55Y	of more: not a not for not of vote Congress a a deal
The renaming of Mount McKinley to Denali is a historically significant move for the people of Alaska. Read more: http://ofa.bo/s9G9	It takes a formal approval from the U.S. president to change the name that the people have been calling it. Thank you President Obama.
"I’m looking forward to talking with Alaskans about how we can work together to make America the global leader on climate change." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Mr.President, America takes the global lead on climate change always, as long as you are the President of U S, no panic.I do join you on the trip!
"I believe that rejecting this deal would significantly weaken our ability to achieve our broader foreign policy goals." —Ambassador Samantha PowerRead more: http://ofa.bo/a57N	I believe that accepting this deal would significantly weaken the U.S. and our economy.
The facts matter—be part of the team that's getting them out. http://ofa.bo/g9EC	Great idea, share facts, put an end to the myths, forward President Obama there is much to be done but in teams the truth flows faster...!
The fight for women's rights is far from over. Say you'll stand up for equality today. http://ofa.bo/h9MN	I stand for women's rights and human rights for every one.Thank you Mr. President for taking on this issue.
Add your name to get all the facts on the historic Iran deal. http://ofa.bo/j9AZ	The problem is, you don't have all the facts on the deal!  No one does!
Lower costs and new financial incentives will allow homeowners easier access to renewable energy. http://ofa.bo/f9Fl	Yes!Let the common person benefit from renewable energy and conservation.It will become incentives for us and will save the planet.
Another important step forward in the fight to curb climate change.	change. change. climate fight to important the forward forward fight in  :* http://rq8Y8r3.blogspot.com
"When Congress gets back, they should prevent a shutdown, pass a responsible budget, and prove that this is a country that looks forward—a country that invests in our future, and keeps our economy growing for all Americans." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Your economy in United States is very good when we compare it with the rest of the world countries.
The first two women to graduate from the United States Army's Ranger School are making history—and paving the way for future generations: http://ofa.bo/h9L3	So what's the point of the commader in chief posting this when these women won't be allowed to serve because of their gender???
It's important to have all the facts about the Iran deal. Add your name to stay informed: http://ofa.bo/q996	the It's stay stay facts have your stay Iran about stay about name have to facts deal. name  :) http://4SA4UAi.blogspot.com
Read about another unprecedented step in President Obama's plan to combat climate change. http://ofa.bo/p9Ir	i support all your plans  to combat climate change
Read one organizer’s story about the fight for women’s rights—and why it’s important not to let up now. http://ofa.bo/h9Kn	Now when are you going to fight for father's rights?...or more accurately,  lack of father's rights
Spread the word.	YOU Kill the  Aktis With SHELL
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan: http://ofa.bo/f9E1	the best saying is:Don't let climate change your dinner.
"I convened a task force on community policing to find commonsense steps that can help us drive down crime and build up trust and cooperation between communities and police." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	he needs to convene a policing task force to stop the crime an corruption in the government and let the local polie do their jobs without interference
A majority of Americans say they are ready for immigration reform: http://ofa.bo/p9HH	Hey majority of Americans say they are ready for Obama to get out of office
Under Obamacare, 16 million people gained health insurance and it's not the “job killer” opponents said it would be. http://ofa.bo/c4z5	This article does not report how many people are paying premiums much higher than before Obamacare nor how many people lost good insurance from their job.
"Climate change once seemed like a problem for future generations, but for most Americans, it's already a reality." —President ObamaSee why the President is heading to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/a53M	Glad we are doing something about it . Don't really care for Obama or any other of the past presidents but this is great .
The uninsured rate is down to single digits for the first time ever. That's a reason to celebrate. http://ofa.bo/f9Cx	Well yeah, it's easy to lower the uninsured rate if the uninsured are fined for not having insurance...
Women and working families need updated overtime rules.	Seniors on fix income are looking for ways to make more income.  Social security and pensions not sufficient.
President Obama responded to an article on efforts to dismantle protections in the Voting Rights Act. Check it out: http://ofa.bo/p9Gd	It seems inconceivable to me that one of the largest democracies in the world has to fight to ensure that racists and elitists are not allowed to disenfranchise American citizens.
Read why expanding overtime protections would make a difference for millions of American workers—especially women. http://ofa.bo/r9CT	Sounds like a great idea only if we weren't taxed so much on the overtime
Wind energy is now providing 73,000 jobs—and counting. http://ofa.bo/q96a	"Wind energy is now providing 73,000 jobs—and counting."It sure has, I've been BLOWING PEOPLE ALL DAY!-Thanks, Obama!  :D
States that embraced Obamacare saw a much bigger drop in uninsured rates this year: http://ofa.bo/g99w	Of course the uninsured rate is down in states that embraced the ACA. did anyone think they wouldn't be?
President Obama discussed the implications of the historic Iran deal in an exclusive interview with Mic. Check it out. http://ofa.bo/i9BI	Clinton's SUPPOSED deal with North Korea was a DEAL ALL RIGHT, A DEAL FOR NORTH KOREA'S TERRORIST-IN-CHARGE!!!  and this the EXAMPLE that Obama followed almost to the letter!!!
Cleaner air means healthier people.	Cleaner air means healthier people.
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy. Yet for too long, too many of our fellow citizens were denied that right, simply because of the color of their skin." —President Obama.Watch the weekly address.	President Barack Obama is 100% right but because of the Color the Whites are not happy with him because of jealousy. But God knows it.
Yesterday was the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. Read President Obama's thoughts on its legacy—and the work still ahead. http://ofa.bo/i9Ao	Yesterday was the Anniversary of Hiroshima also. Any words on that?
July marks 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth—the longest streak on record. http://ofa.bo/c4xL	Full-time job growth is on the rise along with 65 straight months of job growth.
Read President Obama's message on how you can support the Clean Power Plan: http://ofa.bo/h9HC	President Obama, thank you for all that you to to effect a change in the world.
Add your name if you support the Clean Power Plan—the biggest step America has ever taken in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/s99U	Time will show ,what a good job Obama has done. We need clean earth to fight climate chsnge.Go for it to take care of our earth.
OFA’s card is waiting for your signature. Help wish the President a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/f9An	Happy Birthday and my dream is for you to wish me a Happy Birthda some August 4th one day. (SMILE).
The Clean Power Plan will create tens of thousands of jobs, lower the cost of renewable energy, and reduce carbon pollution.Read more from White House Senior Advisor Brian Deese. http://ofa.bo/e4vJ	What about the tens of thousands of jobs that will be lost?
Birthday hat? ✓Birthday card?Sign now: http://ofa.bo/d4zG	What about the tens of thousands of jobs that will be lost?
Support the Clean Power Plan—be a part of the biggest action our country has taken to tackle climate change: http://ofa.bo/j95i	We all hope that this action must be followed by the biggest industrialized countries in the world . Mr President Obama is the best .
The Clean Power Plan is good news for our economy and for public health.	Good for public then it is also good for the whole world. Great
Haven't signed President Obama’s birthday card yet? Here’s your chance: http://ofa.bo/p9E0	Happy birthday  President Obama GOD  blessy you
"If one of the best measures of a country is how it treats its more vulnerable citizens—seniors, the poor, the sick—then America has a lot to be proud of." —President Obama on the 50th anniversary of Medicare and MedicaidWatch the weekly address.	One of the best measures of a country is how does the country treat its most vulnerable, the unborn?
Looking at you—have you signed President Obama’s birthday card yet? http://ofa.bo/p9Dl	Happy birthday President Obama...thank you for being you!
The federal minimum wage hasn’t been raised in nearly six years, but there's been progress at the local level across the country. Read how volunteers are pushing for an economy that works for everyone—not just those at the top. http://ofa.bo/f99y	Good  for them.Why is it that the minimum wage had not gone up but prices have?
Join Organizing for Action in celebrating President Obama’s birthday—add your name to the card: http://ofa.bo/h9FZ	Happy Birthday President Obama, thank you for all you've done for the US..BUT  this isgn the card link is a fund raising site not a birhday card link.not cool.
Organizing for Action is giving the next generation of digital organizers the tools they need to succeed. Read how: http://ofa.bo/h9Eh	"No one is above the law and don't bend it to fit your personal interest" Obama's words to the  old leaders in Africa who want to rule for life.
Obamacare is lowering the uninsured rate and improving Americans' health—especially in states that expanded Medicaid. http://ofa.bo/c4uV	And raising the rates for self supporting Americans.  It only benefits the poor and sick that don't qualify for state or federal disability.
This is big. http://ofa.bo/a4zG	Let's hope it is in time: https://medium.com/matter/it-s-not-climate-change-it-s-everything-change-8fd9aa671804
"As long as I’m President, I’m going to keep doing whatever I can to protect consumers, and our entire economy, from the kind of irresponsibility that led to the Great Recession in the first place." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Please President Barack Obama. After you have finished your term as President of the United States of America. Please continue to help us.
When's the last time your state raised the minimum wage? http://ofa.bo/i973	When's the last time your state raised the minimum wage yours day your state your state your country
Thanks to state lawmakers, over 180,000 working families will start seeing wage increases: http://ofa.bo/e4s4	Thanks to state lawmakers, over 180,000 working families will start seeing wage increases. Great achievement to you. Thank you so much.
Share the news. http://ofa.bo/i96c	Thanks Mr. President! You will go down as one of the best Presidents of the United States of America in history!
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. We have to be ready to face the challenges of a changing America—say you're in: http://ofa.bo/q912	That's 10,000 Americans a Month, that need to be disarmed, for the well-being, of the Country.
Opponents of immigration are doing their best to block common-sense reform: http://ofa.bo/t92Z	Social Justicce will be the WINNER, no matter thatt the Opponents of immigration are doing whether their best or thier worst  to block common-sense reform.
There's more work to do beyond Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Say you'll support safeguarding retirement security for all Americans. http://ofa.bo/j91H	I do support retirement security for all Americans.
"This week, the United States and our international partners finally achieved something that decades of animosity has not: a deal that will prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	does obama understand that a nuclear iran is a dangerout not only to Israel,but also to united states and also to  the hole world??
"We have a tendency sometimes to almost take for granted or think it's normal that so many young people end up in our criminal justice system. It's not normal. It doesn't happen in other countries." —President ObamaRead more on the President's visit to El Reno Federal Correctional Institution. http://ofa.bo/i95S	Yes he is right. Other countries don't have as many in prison, they send them to the USA.
It’s been nearly six years since the federal minimum wage was last raised. Read about how organizers are pushing for reform. http://ofa.bo/q904	Its also been nearly 6 years since federal workers have received a raise.. I make less as a federal worker than any minimum wage worker in California.
The President's actions on immigration have clear economic benefits for our country.	The Presidents actions on immigration are ILLEGAL and he should be TRIED for TREAON!!
People like Conner Adams prove that second chances can lead to amazing things. Read more: http://ofa.bo/j90N	My son needs a chance to have an amazing story!Please help him!!https://www.change.org/p/attorney-general-eric-h-holder-president-barack-obama-pardon-attorney-deborah-leff-please-grant-clemency-to-my-son-claudio-hernandez?recruiter=239223706&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&sharecordion_display=control
Obamacare is working. http://ofa.bo/b4y6	ANOTHER GREAT DAY when Barack Obama is President!
"We need to do more to help ensure that our recovery reaches every American. And that means putting retirement within reach for more Americans." —President ObamaRead more: http://ofa.bo/a4uj	President Obama, please protect Social Security from the Koch brothers. I think Kochs want that money and if TPGOPs ever get power they will give it to the Kochs.
"In this country, of all countries, a person’s ZIP code shouldn’t decide their destiny. We don’t guarantee equal outcomes, but we do strive to guarantee an equal shot at opportunity—in every neighborhood, for every American." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We don't guarantee equal outcomes but we do strive to guarantee that everyone has an equal shot at opportunity.
Best wishes.	We don't guarantee equal outcomes but we do strive to guarantee that everyone has an equal shot at opportunity.
The President announced three new national monuments today, marking 19 overall—the most of any administration in history. http://ofa.bo/q8qq	More big government control the communist are taking are freedom one acre at a time
Another step toward a more perfect union. http://ofa.bo/r8xp	Another step backward a more perfect union.
"As a nation, our laws finally recognize that all people should be treated with respect and dignity — and that all marriages, at their root, are defined by unconditional love." —Vice President BidenRead more: http://ofa.bo/h91m	HMMMM All people should be treated with respect and diginity.So many double standards in the White House!!!!
Women are saving more than a billion dollars—thanks to Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/t8rb	Taxpayers are paying more than a billion dollars thanks to obama care.
Your voice matters—show your support for expanding overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/f8te	I support the President for stronger overtime rules.
President Obama is making it easier for low-income homeowners and renters to switch to clean energy. http://ofa.bo/j8mc	How do you make it easier for low income people to switch to clean energy, make me and other hard working people pay for it.
Paying people fairly for the work they do seems like a no-brainer—but it’s not always a reality. Learn more about why it’s time to fix overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/g8oA	Paying people fairly for the work they do seems like a no-brainer—but it’s not always a reality. Learn more about why it’s time to fix overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/g8oA
Go on the record in support of more workers getting fair overtime pay—add your name today. http://ofa.bo/r8qG	I am going on the Record in support of workers getting Fair Overtime Pay!
This is the right move for middle-class families.	This was the right move for mr. Obama.
"On this most American of holidays, we remember that all who serve here at home and overseas, represent what today is all about. And we remember that their families serve, too." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address. http://ofa.bo/r8of	Mr. President you need to remember the people of this country and what we stand for.  Jihad is a hate crime too.
Happy Fourth.	Mr. President you need to remember the people of this country and what we stand for.  Jihad is a hate crime too.
June marked 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. http://ofa.bo/t8g4	...."Our economy has now added 5.6 million jobs over the past two years, the strongest two-year job growth since 2000".....
“We've got to keep making sure hard work is rewarded.” —President ObamaRead more on the President's plan to expand overtime pay: http://ofa.bo/f8hk	However, every time we  made more money the democrats create a new tax.When will you stop agreeing to more taxes.
American leadership is making a big difference in the global fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/s8hN	government involvement to impact or try and control climate change is the biggest hoax ever played on man kind!
Add your voice in support of preventing gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/t8dT	Just being in support of preventing gun violence will not make a difference. Action is needed.
Beat the buzzer—come in with the clutch donation before tonight's deadline. http://ofa.bo/h8mY	you got too much of  a free time in white house Sir. uitilize sometime for the country and not for the game :) thank you
LAST CHANCE: Don't miss this opportunity. Enter now to win a trip to Hawaii. http://ofa.bo/p8jk	Would love to go to Hawai, but sadly the competition is only open to folks in the USA :-(
DEADLINE: This movement has momentum. Keep it going—give $5 right now: http://ofa.bo/j8ai	You give $5 right now hoss. Use some of that oil money.
Make your voice heard on gun violence prevention: http://ofa.bo/r8gv	I can't hear my voice over the rampant South Side of Chicago gun shootings!
Your chance to win a free trip to Hawaii ends soon. Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/p8iJ	I will win a free .,'win a trip to Hawaii'
Chip in today—don't let this deadline slide past you: http://ofa.bo/r8fa	Check out this for its validity of this before donating. I don't know if it is for real.
Say aloha to Hawaii: http://ofa.bo/s8c1	Can't wait to say aloha to Barack Hussein Obama the Muslim who says he's a Christian.
Hawaii has been a leader in the progressive movement. (And it has pretty great weather.)Enter today for your chance to visit the Aloha State: http://ofa.bo/j8Xe	Hi Mr. President, if you are interested to keep your country be the No.1 leading country in the world market.Kindly drop me a message.Thanks.
"This week, after more than fifty votes in Congress to repeal or weaken this law; after a Presidential election based in part on preserving or repealing this law; after multiple challenges to this law before the Supreme Court, we can now say this for certain: the Affordable Care Act still stands, it is working, and it is here to stay." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Tell them Mr President if congress don't want to work with you for the beneit of the American people the SUPREME COURT will.
Love just won.	"Love just won" but America just murdered, Mr. President.
Despite Obamacare working for millions of Americans, opponents are still trying to repeal it. Add your name to fight back: http://ofa.bo/r8cd	I wish Boehner and the rest of the crew would put as much effort into passing a jobs bill as they do trying to overturn the ACA. <rolls eyes>
16 million covered—and counting.	16 Million....YEA!!!!!!! Thanks President Obama!
Hawaii is leading the way on issues like marriage equality and climate change. You and a guest could see firsthand how organizing has made a difference: http://ofa.bo/j8U2	President Obama excellent idea; there is no more effective way to link theory and practice. The truth in the eyes of the world!
Climate change is not some distant threat. It's already impacting the health of millions. http://ofa.bo/p8c9	Climate is already to change that is the most important issu of our's. I believe that the global warming are fictitous. Thanks Mr. Obama to about climate changes matter.
Organizing works—even in paradise. Here's your chance to see how. http://ofa.bo/j8T4	i want to  meet Mr.BARACK OBAMA in my life .
"The sooner we act, the better off America and future generations of Americans will be." —EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on fighting climate change http://ofa.bo/j8Sy	God will make the ultimate judgment! We should stand together as one before our Government folds and all of our ways of life will change here on Earth!
We believe.	God will make the ultimate judgment! We should stand together as one before our Government folds and all of our ways of life will change here on Earth!
Repealing Obamacare would have serious economic consequences. http://ofa.bo/h8cg	Repealing Obamacare would have serious consequences.like a rebellion in the population. It would cause SERIOUS PROBLEMS!!
Hundreds of bills attacking women's rights are being introduced in states across the country. Help fight back. http://ofa.bo/r8Yz	They are only the Republicans, in all the world are equal   Power of the right, the power of money, all the solutions are in the money1
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.	Happy father's day to you and all the great dads out there.
"As President, I spend most of my time focused on what we can do to grow the economy and grow new pathways of opportunity for Americans like you to get ahead. And we’ve made progress." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	I think you spend most of your time, Obama, on how corporations can expand and demoralize people in this country.
Share if you agree.	God Bless you President Obama.
The EPA is creating better efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks—which will decrease carbon emissions and save $170 billion in fuel costs over the lives of these vehicles. http://ofa.bo/g8S7	super ,we should reduce carbon emission as well as increase fuel efficiency  .
"The American people and the American economy have faced enormous pollution challenges before, and history proves we can turn incredible challenges into incredible opportunity." —EPA Administrator Gina McCarthyRead more on the economic case for fighting climate change: http://ofa.bo/r8Xs	Okay, fine... but we really shouldn't have to make an economic case for saving the planet...
Share this, and make sure your voice is heard about these attacks on women's rights. http://ofa.bo/h8aT	Since when do you care about women's rights...They don't mix...You talk out of both sides of your mouth and everyone knows it.
Great news for the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/g8Qe	The fight against climate change should be an obligation for all industrialized countries.
Game six.	The fight against climate change should be an obligation for all industrialized countries.
Programs like DACA are helping thousands of families gain access to the American dream—as well as increasing state GDPs. http://ofa.bo/s8Sy	how about not reform and try expanding and enlarging and speeding up legalization of immigrants in a huge expansion of the current system that would give more jobs.
On the third anniversary of DACA, see how it's working to help thousands of people.	Congratulation for the third anniversary of DACA,hopeffully be better than before..God Bless you !
"We do live in a new economy. And we’ve got to adapt to make sure America leads the way in this new century, just like we did in the last." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Ya we do live in a new economy, thanks to you! A far worse one than we had when you started to destroy America from within
Obamacare has improved America's health care system. Read how: http://ofa.bo/j7tx	Keep health care the way it is!!!
200 trillion gallons of rain in only one month. http://ofa.bo/r7qr	Meanwhile in California only 3 gallons of rain
It’s time to fight back against climate change.	It’s time to fight back against climate change.Right On.
States are leading in the fight against climate change. Read about Hawaii's plan to switch to 100 percent clean energy. http://ofa.bo/g7Wy	President Obama should be more concerned about the fight against ISIS then  climate change!
Too many students are being priced out of an education. That's why the President's plan for free community college is so important. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/h7Ud	Education is an equalizer, so all community college be free and it is their tax payers money.
A recent poll shows that a clear majority of Americans oppose rolling back federal Obamacare subsidies. http://ofa.bo/g7G4	The poll shows that Republicans are out of touch with most Americans!
"The choice between being a progressive and being for free and fair trade is a false one: We can stand for progressive, democratic values while also working to promote those values overseas." —Ron Kirk, former U.S. trade representativeRead more on why the Trans-Pacific Partnership is good for our economy and our workers. http://ofa.bo/h7Gu	this would help us  free and fair trade for our jobs here and overseas!!
This is about the future of America's economy. Make your voice heard today. http://ofa.bo/i78W	College free..in Italy is different..taxes and money to envolope the management of future leaders...stage and ......the future is your thought...thanks Mr President Obama  from Florence
"We’re a nation of immigrants. It’s a source of our strength and something we all can take pride in. And this month—Immigrant Heritage Month—is a chance to share our American stories." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We are a nation of immigrants.  Most of them came here legally, and I take pride in that.
“Just because you think the path that’s right for you might be lonelier, longer or less destined for traditional success than paths taken by others, don’t be afraid to take it. If you choose your means well you will end up in the right place.” —Beau BidenRead more on the life and legacy of Beau Biden: http://ofa.bo/i749	RIP  Beau.   Condolences  to  the  VP, and  his  family. Your   faith  will  take  you  through  this  one  too .
This isn't just good news for our economy—it's good news for working families. http://ofa.bo/q6yo	TPP is bad news for working families. You are selling us out.
It's time to put politics aside and do what's right. http://ofa.bo/p76X	Yes It's time to put politics aside and do what's right.
Change only happens when people make it happen. Stand up for LGBT equality. http://ofa.bo/s6xk	God says one thing and some people says the opposite. It hasn't worked out well for people though out history. B.O. needs to rethink his desires.
97 percent of climate scientists agree: It's real. It's man-made. And it's time to do something about it.	Saying them doesn't mean it is...100 percent of those 97 percent get paid to keep the farce alive, just like you do Bamster.
Share what the fight for LGBT equality means to you: http://ofa.bo/q6kR	LGBT equality is great and all... but can we please take care of the Medical Marijuana thing!? #EqualizeIt #SafeAccessNOW! #ThxKindly
Be proud.	LGBT equality is great and all... but can we please take care of the Medical Marijuana thing!? #EqualizeIt #SafeAccessNOW! #ThxKindly
"Our journey is not complete until our lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law." —President ObamaThis Pride Month, stand on the side of equality. Add your name today: http://ofa.bo/f6h1	Sounds like a a man who wants to see everybody able to life the life of their choice with dignity.  Life is worthless, if we can't live it happy.
"Like his dad, Beau was a good, big-hearted, devoutly Catholic and deeply faithful man, who made a difference in the lives of all he touched—and he lives on in their hearts." —President ObamaFor all who knew or were inspired by Beau Biden, please leave your thoughts and prayers with the Biden family: http://ofa.bo/q6ZI	May he be with the angels and the saints forever. Tears  in my heart for the family and friends of Beau Biden. We are all one in Him.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses important national security measures and reforms.	Our biggest threat to national security is the disfunctional Congress.
We can't count on other nations to pursue tough, enforceable labor and environmental protections. That's why America needs to lead on trade. http://ofa.bo/h6Pa	Yes I believe America should lead on global trade issues. But No to outsourcing American jobs to any other part of the globe
Not only is clean water good for millions of Americans' health—it's good for the economy. http://ofa.bo/r6Ov	and it's good for the Planet!
Find out why President Obama is in Miami today: http://ofa.bo/j6C7	Tornadoes and hurricanes are at a all time low in the history of our planet, What ever you are doing Obama it is working ! Good Job
Read how the Obama administration is strengthening clean water protections. http://ofa.bo/j688	Fresh water is the mainstay of all life. Keep those waters clean
This is big for anyone who drinks water.	"This is big for anyone that drinks water." So everyone?
Local lawmakers are doing what's best for hard-working Americans—passing paid leave legislation and raising the minimum wage. http://ofa.bo/s6Bc	$15.00 per hour  should be minimal wage since politicians give themselves unwarranted raises all the time
Now's the chance to reach a truly progressive, transparent trade agreement that opens up opportunities for the middle class. Add your name: http://ofa.bo/s68f	If this is the TTIP trade deal tell him where to stuff it. It for business men to get richer at the expense of the working man.
"These Americans gave everything they had—not for glory, not even for gratitude, but for something greater than themselves." —President Obama	President Obama also gave all he had to America for something greater than himself!
"This weekend is Memorial Day—a time to pay tribute to all our men and women in uniform who’ve ever given their lives so that we can live in freedom and security." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We honor to all our men & women who've given their lives for our country & for the other world we are for them too, as much as we can!
American leadership means fighting for middle-class families in the global economy. Add your name if you agree. http://ofa.bo/f5s5	American leadership means fighting for middle-class families in the global economy. When are you going to take a stand with us SIR?????????????
This is why the fight for change matters: It's working. http://ofa.bo/t5p0	Americans are generally good, fair people willing to support the objectives of the Constitution once they think through the issues. Things can change for the better!
Taking action on climate change becomes more urgent every day—we can't let elected officials off the hook for denial any longer. Join the team holding climate change deniers accountable: http://ofa.bo/j5mP	Taking action on climate change becomes more urgent every day—we can't let elected officials off the hook for denial any longer. !!!!
"Climate change constitutes a serious threat to global security, an immediate risk to our national security ... And so we need to act — and we need to act now." —President Obama Read the full remarks from the President's commencement speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy. http://ofa.bo/q5nb	You are right Mr President. Indeed your country needs to act first to set an example for others to follow.
"We've grown up with you ... You've given us a great gift and we love you." —President Obama to David Letterman	some people you love and want to be friends with PresBO and David Letterman are definitely in my list💙💙
This decides who writes the rules in our global economy. President Obama is fighting to make sure they reflect America's values. Join the fight. http://ofa.bo/i5mI	Values without enforcement of the rules don't count for much!  Experience has shown us that these trade rules don't count for much when it comes to protecting our interests!
See how President Obama is keeping the buzz alive. http://ofa.bo/i5jh	Maintain its buzz ? He's been planning this from the beginning
This is why health care reform is so important.	That is absolutely awesome. Now needs to be done is take care of the absurd cost of medicine, even if you are insured
We need 21st century workplace policies. Hard-working Americans deserve the security of paid leave. http://ofa.bo/r5gq	yes we need a 21st century workplace and society
"Whether we are Democrats, Republicans, or independents; whether we live in one of our poorest communities, one of our wealthiest, or anywhere in between, we all want our country to be one where hard work pays off and responsibility is rewarded." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	So how do you expect the outcome of any event in my country for the benefit of our people is ... ?
This is no longer a problem to leave for the next generation to fix. We have to act now.	No YOU have to act now, stop giving in to repulican horseshit when you know what needs to be done.
America can't afford to sit on the sidelines while other countries write the rules for the global economy—add your name: http://ofa.bo/q5V0	The American people can't afford to sit on the sidelines while big corporations write the rules for the global economy.
Nearly 1 in 8 Americans are in default because of student loan debt. This is a first step toward fixing that. http://ofa.bo/s5V5	In India also the student loan default is a major problem,Govt. should take concrete steps to recover loans by strong law.Other wise student loan issue will become a major problem.
Yumi used to feel powerless in the fight for immigration reform—not anymore. http://ofa.bo/j5P3	Obama is trying to tell us that legal immigration to USA should be ignored and illegals should overrun this country,...fits perfectly into his Islamic asmirations
Working families deserve this—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/h5Ol	Working families deserve to live above poverty.
Let's give working families the security they deserve.	Private or not they are using working families to do the labor work
Here's a way to keep celebrating mothers across the country: fight for paid leave for all working families. http://ofa.bo/i5LA	Taxpayer funded leave for mothers of aborted children too?  How about paid leave for anyone who has a job?  Those too lazy to work already are getting something for nothing...
To all the moms out there: Thank you for all you do. Happy Mother's Day.	Thank you for all you done
"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did, for the selfless grace they showed in one of our darkest hours. But as we mark this 70th anniversary, let’s not simply commemorate history. Let’s rededicate ourselves to the freedoms for which they fought." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Let's not repeat it...Liberty and justice for all one nation under prosperity of good intent.Or God as we know it.
Goal complete: President Obama will visit South Dakota today, marking the 50th state he's visited during his presidency. Take a minute to check out White House photographer Pete Souza's hand-picked gallery from visits to the first 49: http://ofa.bo/h5DV	When is he going to visit the rest of the 57 states?
223,000 jobs were added in April, making it the 62nd consecutive month of private-sector job growth. Read more in today's jobs report: http://ofa.bo/r5DS	Where did all the 55 year olds from wall street get jobs after the collapse ? There were over 500,000 jobs lost in 3 years on wall,street.
Stand with the President's actions to fight climate change—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/t5AZ	Oh my...we must fight with the climate and control it or we are doomed!
When the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is higher than it's been in millions of years, it's not time for denial—it's time for action. http://ofa.bo/e4gr	When the level of stupidity is higher than the the highest office held in the US, its not time for denial, its time to leave!
A new study found that the President's Clean Power Plan could save thousands of lives.Read more: http://ofa.bo/i587	The Republicans don't want to save thousands of lives.  They hope the opposite.
There's never been a better time to take your organizing skills to the next level. Apply to be a summer fellow with Organizing for Action: http://ofa.bo/s592	there is a war on the first amendment. go to infowars.com to learn the truth.
"You're a part of all of us, and you've given us a great gift." ––President Obama last night on David Letterman, thanking him for 22 years of late-night television. http://ofa.bo/a4ho	Letterman is a sell out for bringing this liar on his show
"No matter who you are, where you live, or how much money you’ve got, you should be able to access the world’s knowledge and information just like anyone else." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Off course and a basic fact, "... should be able to access the world’s knowledge and information just like anyone else".
Great teachers influence us for life. Tell your story and share who's helped shape you: http://ofa.bo/g4tO	I was shaped by my teachers in Pakistan Air Force and my personal determination to keep learning and always have Aims high.
"Climate change is real as are its effects: stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons and public-health risks." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/g4sc	Science does not support your belief in global warming.If the science is settled, how come the climate models are always so wrong?
"Ms. Hefty taught me that I had something to say — not in spite of my differences, but because of them. She made every single student in that class feel special." —President ObamaRead how his fifth-grade teacher helped shape the President's life: http://ofa.bo/e4WI	There something special in everyone but only a good teacher like ms Hefty can make his or her students realize that. Thanks to all the Mabel Hefty of this world.
"If we don't write the rules ... We will be shut out—American businesses and American agriculture. That will mean a loss of U.S. jobs." —President Obama on the need for America to lead on trade.Read more from the President's interview with The Wall Street Journal. http://ofa.bo/j4tK	Is this good for the American people? That's all that matters. Americans businesses will sell us out for profit.
When it comes to health insurance, having options is a good thing. http://ofa.bo/t4u4	If there is a better way to help?  Post it
"My entire presidency is about helping working families recover from recession and rebuild for the future. As long as I’m President, that’s what I’ll keep fighting to do." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	If you're 'for' repairing the middle class and helping our citizens and economy move forward, then might I suggest putting before the citizens, a rough draft of the TPP.
The Obama administration is calling on American farmers to help fight climate change. http://ofa.bo/t4ry	Man made climate change is a socialist scheme to take more control over the masses using legislation and the EPA TRUTH MATTERS
One voice can change the world. That's what the OFA Summer Fellowship is all about: http://ofa.bo/f4s5	One voice can change the world...one voice can move humanity towards enlightenment...too bad Barack Obama used the Communist Manifesto, and the Koran as his guides :/
Climate change is real, and so are the President's actions to fight it.	#armeniangenocide is real and so are the President's actions to NOT FIGHT IT AND CONTINUE TO INSULT US.
Time and time again, the EPA has conquered huge environmental challenges. It's a good thing they're on the front lines in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/h4rD	the guy is such a Felicia. Look at the drought he has caused in California over smelts.
"To celebrate the places that make America great ... and to kick off National Park Week, this weekend the National Park Service is offering free admission." —President ObamaFind your nearest national park here: http://ofa.bo/t4r0	Thank you king Obama for allowing the people to visit our national parks, oh great one! We're not worthy!
"I'm asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to protect American workers with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren't just free but are also fair." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e4Ph	No way there are 24 parts of this agreement that take away my rights and give them to corporations.
"This is the only planet we’ve got. And years from now, I want to be able to look our children and grandchildren in the eye and tell them that we did everything we could to protect it." —President Obama on combating climate changeWatch the weekly address.	I did everything to protect mine! I refuse to have kids because this world is going 2shit!
Spring is in the air.	#staiseren Renzi is in the air! ^_^
Share this and set the record straight on some of the biggest myths about climate change. http://ofa.bo/g4hz	People don't want to listen to this "hippie garbage". Bet they'll listen when the entire U.S. has the kinds of water-related problems that most of the developing world has....
Up top.	People don't want to listen to this "hippie garbage". Bet they'll listen when the entire U.S. has the kinds of water-related problems that most of the developing world has....
Everyone should be part of this conversation. http://ofa.bo/p4pr	You keep this country going in this direction there will be no working families.!!!!!!!! 90 million  out of work across america can't be wrong !!!!!.
Equal pay is not only good for families—it's good for our economy.	Thank you so much POTUS for everything you have done for this great country. God's favor will never depart from you in Mighty name of Jesus!!!
This is why we can't move backward on health care reform. http://ofa.bo/b4On	We can't go backwards on health care reform.... because when you are backed against a wall, that's the only direction you can't go.
"To make sure everyone is part of this resurgence, we need to build on what we know widens the path to the middle class—and you all know what it is: access to education." —Vice President Biden Watch the weekly address.	Seems like the right way to go! Reasonable too but I'm sure those on the right won't get this
Countries across the world are investing in clean energy. Climate change deniers are running out of excuses.	If Republicans and Democrats aren't different, how come the Republicans in congress put more energy into undermining the president than in doing their own jobs?
"Caribbean countries are particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change, and we have to act now." —President ObamaRead more on how the United States and the Caribbean are making progress on clean energy. http://ofa.bo/g4bT	Glad to see he's once again taking care of all the brown people of the planet...except the ones in this country.
From the First Lady's dance moves to how he would rate Obamacare, take a look at the President's interview with ABC News. http://ofa.bo/c4Hq	I guess the White House couldn't find a Jewish person (so hard to find) to lead the Seder?? after screaming Death to Israel,they say Day Dayeinu?
Missed the White House Easter Egg Roll? Check out these photos from the fun-filled day. http://ofa.bo/d4IP	A great day indeed for President and First Lady and all the children!! Children will remember this the rest of their lives!!
"There are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home, so we've got to do better in protecting vulnerable Americans." —President Obama on the link between climate change and public health.Read more: http://ofa.bo/t4er	Yeah right... that is why you are allowing all these ILLEGALS to enter our Country bringing in DISEASES.
There's still more work to do in the struggle for justice and equality, but today marks an important milestone for civil rights in this country. http://ofa.bo/j4cK	Serious work needs to be done on getting protections for all the LGBT who are NOT in the work force.
"Together, we can help more kids participate—so they too can dream bigger dreams about their futures." —President Obama on expanding Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. http://ofa.bo/g4aa	Wonderful idea. I hope children want to run the country and want to do so because they see wonderful President Obama.
Climate change doesn't just fuel more extreme weather—it also poses a health risk to our families. http://ofa.bo/f4fZ	Dying from a massive hurricane because of the rise in ocean temperatures which fuels them and makes them stronger is potentially hazardous to your health, you know.
The House's budget plan would make big cuts to programs that are helping middle-class families. Find out how it affects your state. http://ofa.bo/d4Ho	The repubs are so stupid about life and what it cost to live.....they have no idea what it's like to be us...........they are rich and don't care !!!!!!!!!!!
Paid sick leave is essential, not only for working families, but for our economy. Read how this issue is gaining traction in Congress: http://ofa.bo/d4Hc	Canda has pay sick leave, how is possible that a country like the USA does not have it? What is wrong with Congress?
From musical performances to storytime on the South Lawn, check out the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. http://ofa.bo/c4H4	Thumbs up to the First Family
Happy Easter.	Thumbs up to the First Family
"This week, together with our allies and partners, we reached a historic understanding with Iran." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Barak Obama is the Greatest President of USA.Only for your right decision USA reached a historic understanding with Iran.Thank you Mr President.God bless you.
Read about the President's initiative to train 75,000 Americans for jobs in the booming solar industry. http://ofa.bo/t4d7	Good idea because we're definitely going to need it to help off set the hundreds of thousands of people that'll be jobless from the killing of the coal industry
Nations across the world are fighting climate change by making big investments in clean energy. http://ofa.bo/r4bV	Incentives are needed to make clean energy affordable/worth the investment for the masses - similar to Europe in years past
“I just came home from school and said, ‘I need to write to the President.’”Read how this 9-year-old impressed President Obama and got a personal letter back. http://ofa.bo/j4Ve	Cool,  what a great idea and how neat to hear back from the President.............
The Washington Post confirms: Obamacare was a major reason why an estimated 50,000 patient deaths were prevented. http://ofa.bo/a4FR	The one million  Doller question is, how many of those were republicans?
U.S. leadership at home and abroad is crucial if we're going to solve global climate change. Read more about today's step forward: http://ofa.bo/a4ED	Please try to go with nature I think it'll be better solution of global warming.may god gave us knowledge to fight with global warming.
Tonight's the deadline to enter. Don't miss your shot to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/s4Vl	I want to meet u some terrible just to meet you an your family means the world to me besides GOD almighty. Ww.Yahoo .com
OFA is training organizers across the country to be part of the big fights for years to come. Help build that: http://ofa.bo/i4Tm	I want to help i dont have the money been out of work here in indiana since 2008
Not your typical Washington, D.C., vacation. This is your chance to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/r4Rv	And YES, I would LOVE to meet you some time.You are a God send.Thank you for ALL your work!
"I don’t think our top economic priority should be helping a tiny number of Americans who are already doing extraordinarily well, and asking everybody else to foot the bill. I think our top priority should be helping everybody who works hard get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	There must not be a lot of people working hard then.
Here's how you could meet President Obama: http://ofa.bo/i4Lu	I would love to meet you Mr. President.
The science is clear.	The science is clear. Greed is at the bottom of this issue.
This would get so many likes. http://ofa.bo/a44t	This would get more DISLIKES.
Read how Obamacare positively impacted the careers and lives of these three women. http://ofa.bo/j4Ie	And see how the ACA ruined the careers and business of thousands more.
This is your chance to joke around with the President. http://ofa.bo/h4Ka	Who is dumb enough to want to be in the same room with this muslim traitor.
Since Obamacare became law, it's helped health care entrepreneurs create thousands of jobs for Americans. http://ofa.bo/e3yF	What jobs you on some kind of welfare
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. http://ofa.bo/s4Jy	is a middle age white guy who is a strong advocate for most of the presidnets policies.
"The bottom line is this for the American people: The Affordable Care Act—this law—is saving money for families and for business. This law is also saving lives." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e3xv	If anyone local is interested?Albertson's has their pork, various cuts for $.99@ lb.Great on the pocketbook!
6-year-old girl scout: "Have you ever had a brainstorming session yourself?"President Obama: "I have had a couple of brainstorming sessions."6-year-old girl scout: "What did you come up with?"President Obama: "I came up with things like ... health care."See more from the White House Science Fair: http://ofa.bo/p4LN	You came up with a hopeless policy that will never make inless you fix a few thing to make fair for all not just a few
What inspired you to join this grassroots movement? Share your story, and you'll be automatically entered for the chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/i4Gw	You inspire me to be the best I can be
After five years, the facts are clear: America is truly better with Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/c3uQ	The facts are , we are all better off with Obama as our president. Bush only dug a hole and buried us.
"It’s time to embrace reality. Instead of trying yet again to repeal the Affordable Care Act ... we should work together to keep improving our health care system for everybody." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/t4C7	Yes, all of our politicians should work together and make health care good for all people..........
"Congress should stop playing politics with law enforcement and national security ... And that means they should end the longest confirmation process for an Attorney General in three decades, and give Loretta Lynch a vote." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	"one nation under God... and justice for all" unless congress planning on to adjust the our pledge of allegiance, they bertter get it together
Another big step forward in combating climate change. http://ofa.bo/g43P	Appropriate measures should be taken for global warming, climate change and to protect ozone layer__  Afzal Dhuddy
One of these elected officials threw a snowball while on the floor of the Senate to disprove man-made climate change.Vote now on who should advance to the Denial Finals: http://ofa.bo/j424	Let's vote on the shape of the earth, or whether or not the sun is the center of the universe! They were once theories also!
It's time for House leaders to rethink their budget and put aside old policies that have failed middle-class families.	In order to rethink something you first have to have a Brain that works.....
"It's nice being just a little bit of the underdog." —President ObamaCheck out the Presidential Bracket: http://ofa.bo/f43n	Glad that the President doesn't pooh-pooh the West and the Pac 12.  I'm a UCLA alum, so I gotta support the Pac 12.  Go Arizona!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.	Glad that the President doesn't pooh-pooh the West and the Pac 12.  I'm a UCLA alum, so I gotta support the Pac 12.  Go Arizona!
President Obama sat down with American students and VICE News to discuss college affordability and the challenges of student debt. http://ofa.bo/r420	President Obama sat down with American students and VICE News to discuss college affordability and the challenges of student debt. http://ofa.bo/r420
Check out the regional finals match-ups in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament and vote before the Tuesday night deadline: http://ofa.bo/a3in	Can I vote twice?  I think it's a toss up between the State of Florida and John Boehner..........
Health coverage means security. Thanks to Obamacare, millions more Americans now have it. http://ofa.bo/q3xI	You mean thanks to the TAXPAYERS who pay more than their fair share...
"In America, a higher education cannot be a privilege reserved for only the few. It has to be available to everybody who’s willing to work for it." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	It is already available  for everyone willing  to work for it a$$wipe.
Love shouldn't be a political issue. http://ofa.bo/s3gm	Love shouldn't be a political issue.
The wind industry could support 600,000 American jobs by 2050—that's real economic growth. http://ofa.bo/f3et	And cost millions of jobs in other industries while building up China........
Vote for the biggest climate change denier and see who makes it past the first round. http://ofa.bo/p3jq	You know climate change is actually a real issue.And the debate has been on for a while without the brouhaha on FB.
Our future leaders can already see the dangers of climate change. Let's follow their lead.	no to mention red state governors are now banning the terms climate change and global warming in scientific reports. Yeah, not saying it will make it go away.
This is one of the reasons we can't backtrack on health care reform. http://ofa.bo/r3cr	Thank you Mr President for the reform of health care.
This is major progress for solar energy. Read more: http://ofa.bo/q3a7	This is major progress for solar energy. Read more: http://ofa.bo/q3a7
On March 7, 1965, hundreds of people gathered in Selma, Alabama, to march—and to demand America live up to its ideals.Watch President Obama and the First Family commemorate the anniversary at 2:35 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/h3Tt	Terrible day in our history. How dare they refuse God's people to vote because of the color of their skin.God created all races!!
"In too many parts of the world, girls are still valued more for their bodies than for their minds. That’s just plain wrong. And we all have to do more to stop it.”Watch the weekly address.	In too many parts of the world, men are more valued for their money than for their min.
"Selma isn’t just about commemorating our past ... Selma is now. “ —President Obama http://ofa.bo/f3Sq	It is happening in Haiti now say something because we close our eyes on present things and worry more about the past
Last month, the unemployment rate dropped to its lowest point in seven years, and our streak of private-sector job growth reached its 60th consecutive month. http://ofa.bo/e3Ex	Silent misery: Actual US unemployment 37.2%, record number of ...rt.com/.../us-unemployment-economy-cri...Jan 22, 2014 - In just half a decade, the number of American households on food stamps has significantly increased.
The uninsured rate continues to fall through the first two months of 2015, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/g3L4	Just wait until the ACA is REALLY established after all the contention falls away...there will be a massive amount of new people signing up.
The economic recovery is real, and happening across the country. http://ofa.bo/e3Bt	I blame YOU President Obama. Like everything else in this country, this economic recovery is completely YOUR fault!
"We owe these girls, and girls like them around the world, an education worthy of their dreams."Read more from First Lady Michelle Obama on expanding the Let Girls Learn initiative: http://ofa.bo/f3Nd	Thank you Michelle Obama for opening  our eyes, so many of us are too busy with our own young girls and don't look at the big picture.
For the health and safety of our generation and the next, we have to act now.	climate changed because we used the military instrument HAARP and the chemitral contrails: hence, You Should to tell all people the true things not false! Do you understand???
"In America, we believe that a lifetime of hard work and responsibility should be rewarded with a shot at a secure, dignified retirement."Watch the weekly address.	Not just a shot..that how it should be Mr.President..(u work hard a life time with responsibilities..)
Only one day left to avoid a shutdown. Add your name to let Congress know where you stand. http://ofa.bo/t3Dm	Can you put a stop on their pay since they aren't willing to do their job?
Read about the safeguards President Obama is proposing to make sure Americans can retire with dignity and security: http://ofa.bo/i3Au	The way the USA goes is the only thing your president could truely promise to you all without telling a lie: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NS-grctCwE
"These steps are good for our economy, for our families, and for our country." —President Obama on fixing our broken immigration systemRead the rest of the President's op-ed: http://ofa.bo/d2y6	Stop giving them all the rights and making those of us that work for it pay its just wrong
Less than two months in, and congressional leaders are already threatening a partial government shutdown over President Obama's common-sense immigration actions.	You're immigration is illegal and so are the executive orders.  A shutdown is the only defense in which you don't have illegitimate power.
"This is bipartisan legislation that would protect American workers, and promote American businesses, with strong new trade deals."Watch the weekly address.	Wishing the Philippine government would also look into this "bipartisan legislation" new trade deals...
First Steps.	Wishing the Philippine government would also look into this "bipartisan legislation" new trade deals...
This is why health care reform matters.	The health care needs are money, America is now needed to bail out the health care system!
"We have the chance to open up more markets to goods and services backed by three proud words: Made in America. For the sake of our businesses, and American workers, it's an opportunity we need to take." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/r33u	"We have the chance to open up more markets to goods and services sure libya is very good markets Mr President Obama
The science is clear on climate change. It's time to call out elected officials who deny the facts: http://ofa.bo/j2yv	Apparently all those elected officials, that  deny the climate change is  because they just don't want our president Barack Obama to succeed.How sad!!May God have Mercy on them
For the sake of millions of families, we can't go back.	Fine. Then for the sake of millions more, stop forcing us to pay for it, and take it out of our taxes so we can ALL have it.
Happy Presidents Day.	Fine. Then for the sake of millions more, stop forcing us to pay for it, and take it out of our taxes so we can ALL have it.
This is your last chance to get health insurance that starts in 2015. Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/p32Z	http://goo.gl/EtW60R This is your last chance to get health insurance that starts in 2015. Don't miss it
No more waiting: http://ofa.bo/e2mp	I'm too poor to get fined. I'll get to it when I can afford it rather than ask for other people to pay it for me.
This Valentine's Day, Nicholas and Dylan are finally able to celebrate their legal marriage. This is progress. http://ofa.bo/i2tR	Congratulations to America that is finally going to the path of freedom and equality. Good for you
"In today’s world, we have to equip all our kids with an education that prepares them for success, regardless of what they look like, or how much their parents make, or the ZIP code they live in." —President Obama	"We need to indoctrinate everyone no matter how much their parents make or what ZIP code they live in!"
Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/f2rY	Two days to become a government slave.  Don't miss out!
Speaking of #YOLO: https://www.healthcare.gov/	LOVE YOU Our President Obama, and All You DO for All of Us !!!!!!
"What I’m very proud of is to see how rapidly the country has shifted and maybe the small part that I’ve played." —President Obama on marriage equality progress during his interview with BuzzFeedRead more here: http://ofa.bo/b2o8	Ian Maryvpl border port of Russia and Ukraine will maintain the same about their ever done so interesting Russian diplomacyRussia wants a war like that is like an Islamic state.
Share this with your friends and make sure they're covered before the February 15th enrollment deadline: http://ofa.bo/q2rp	We are no longer friends ... your friends are the Brotherhood and was greeted by the US State Department ...Do what YOU  wants Barack Obama
You've got everything else covered. Make sure you have health insurance, too. http://ofa.bo/p2wC	Make sure you have health insurance, too. Or else. https://scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/1966783_10153842758835203_1417158808_n.jpg?oh=fd21314907c335976c9d847bf8f1d83f&oe=5558676D
WATCH: Last week, President Obama met with people from all over the country whose lives are better off thanks to the Affordable Care Act.	When are you going to meet with people from all over the country whose lives are worse off thanks to the Affordable Care Act?
The President talks about job growth, Obamacare, and a lot more with Vox. Read the full interview: http://ofa.bo/t2pc	Go a head and stick up for him with all the scandal,s etc,bush sure as hell did,t do that
"While we’ve come a long way, we’ve got more work to do to make sure that our recovery reaches more Americans, not just those at the top. That’s what middle-class economics is all about."Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/a2jD	Thank you. Someone has to look out for the middle class, because it sure isn't going to be the republican representatives!
In January, the economy added 257,000 jobs, capping the the biggest three-month gain in 17 years. Let's keep up the momentum. http://ofa.bo/f2lo	Barack Obama47 mins · In January, the economy added 257,000 jobs, capping the the biggest three-month gain in 17 years.Let's keep up the momentum.http://ofa.bo/f2loAmen.
Be smart. Get covered before the February 15th deadline. http://ofa.bo/f2lM	Barack Obama is the closest thing to the antichrist I have ever seen holding a position of authority within the United States!!
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, this graduate student can focus on his studies without worrying about expensive medical bills.	That's how you build  a strong america.........they are the future ........he should only worry about his studies and breath easier knowing has medical coverage......
Don't miss your chance to get covered for 2015: http://ofa.bo/a2gX	Don't miss your chance to get pillaged by big insurance for coverage that doesn't cover anything!
"We pause to reflect on our progress and our history—not only to remember, but also to acknowledge our unfinished work. We reject the false notion that our challenges lie only in the past, and we recommit to advancing what has been left undone." —President Obama on Black History Month Read more here: http://ofa.bo/f2jF	Reflect on Irish history and many more.Black people are not the only one to experience hardships threw out history and until people come to that realization we will go nowhere.
President Obama's 2016 budget is taking the fight on climate change to the states. http://ofa.bo/d2aY	Yes climate change hoax is the MOST  important that to America,  seriously?
"Our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and in 58 months we have created over 11 million jobs. Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis."See how the President's budget will keep up the progress for a stronger middle class: http://ofa.bo/s2i8	Too bad it is only half true, more people have given up and dropped off the radar for unemployment and more are now working part time.
Who'll it be?	if that is not photo shopped, I love it
"Middle-class economics: the idea that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, everyone does their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d2XX	The Best President this Country will ever have, why ? Because he is fair and cares about everyone of us.
The vast majority of Americans agree that something must be done to combat climate change. It's time for climate change deniers to get on board. http://ofa.bo/a2bG	The BEST thing you can do to reduce climate change would be to SHUT YOUR MOUTH.  All the HOT AIR you put out is destroying our country.
"We would give working parents a chance to get ahead with guaranteed paid sick leave, and we'd give Americans of all ages a chance to earn new skills by making community college free for responsible students." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e2X5	Who is going to pay for all of this?
Life is as unpredictable as the Oregon Trail. Be prepared: http://ofa.bo/i2dc	you Libs and Dems may as well be known as the Muslin family. Think about it...Seriously!
See how the President's immigration action will grow the economy in New York: http://ofa.bo/a2ZM	Yay!Consumers create jobs!More money in middle class pockets is what will lift this country out of the Bush recession at last!
9.5 million—that's good news. http://ofa.bo/t2cL	What's 9.5 million X $50,000???  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2927348/Obamacare-program-costs-50-000-American-gets-health-insurance-says-bombshell-budget-report.html
Give yourself some peace of mind, and get covered before the February 15th deadline: http://ofa.bo/r2ce	The rest of the story is that federal subsidies will run out in 2016, and then you will be in for sticker shock!
"I know that there are Republicans in Congress who disagree with my approach ...But what we can’t do is simply pretend that things like child care or college aren’t important, or pretend there’s nothing we can do to help middle-class families get ahead.Because we’ve got work to do."Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/i2Y8	Mr. President with all do respect what about working class parents and those doing their best to get on????
No joke.	Mr. President with all do respect what about working class parents and those doing their best to get on????
It's time to listen to your friends and family. Get covered right now. http://ofa.bo/d2Pt	It won't let me to continue the application!!!
"I believe Americans are tired of the political back and forth. People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." —President ObamaRead the President's latest message to OFA supporters: http://ofa.bo/c2Q0	Then why are you threatening to veto the Keystone Pipeline when both the House and Senate approve? How about you get an agenda for moving forward.
Let's go.	Then why are you threatening to veto the Keystone Pipeline when both the House and Senate approve? How about you get an agenda for moving forward.
Add your name to stand up for an agenda that supports middle-class families: http://ofa.bo/h2Tr	Our middle class family supports you 100%!!Thank Michelle also for trying to get America's youth off the couch and moving!
Tonight. http://ofa.bo/r2UX	Our middle class family supports you 100%!!Thank Michelle also for trying to get America's youth off the couch and moving!
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." —Martin Luther King, Jr.	. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that
President Obama's State of the Union address will focus on middle-class economics. Tune in this Tuesday: http://ofa.bo/p2YJ	"President Obama's State of the Union address will focus on middle-class economics"...and how he's methodically destroying it.  POS.
Happy birthday to an amazing, inspiring First Lady.	Happy birthday to an amazing lady!!
"Our job now is to make sure that every American feels that they’re a part of our country’s comeback. That’s what I’ll focus on in my State of the Union—how to build on our momentum, with rising wages, growing incomes, and a stronger middle class." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/q2Sw	When your term is finished - you are welcome to the Prime Ministership role in Australia. Our current leader is a joke and apparently earns more than you do!
Ready to go?	to where to los anjlos
DEADLINE: Don't miss your chance to sign up today. http://ofa.bo/g2Mo	your plan to close Gitmo puts America in danger ,it doesn't bother you because America isn't your major concern ...https://www.facebook.com/989TheAnswer/photos/a.112609065565127.20801.110513815774652/374935655999132/?type=1
Great news: President Obama plans to cut methane emissions. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r2OZ	How are you going to cut methane emissions while encouraging methane mining via fracking, Mr. President? Especially since fugitive emissions from nat gas pipeline are alarmingly high?
Check out your options now: http://ofa.bo/d2GT	Never forget the lie of the year: "If you like your plan,  you can keep your plan,  period." ~Barry Obama
ICYMI: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999. http://ofa.bo/r2Ms	We have the largest job growth since 1999! Republicans: "OMG YOURE AWFUL THE WORLD IS ON FIRE!!!! AAAAAAARGHDNSISJSHSJJ!!!!!"
"America’s resurgence is real.And now that we’ve got some calmer waters, if we all do our part, if we all pitch in, we can make sure that tide starts lifting all boats again.We can make sure that the middle class is the engine that powers America’s prosperity for decades to come." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/q2Jy	You are the person that Americans expect,hoping to lead them create a better homeland ,provide a fair environment ,in that position we can all do our part ,all pitch in
Something great happened on January 1st: http://ofa.bo/q2HZ	Why do most of the people on here that comment on here are not americans that's why obama opened the borders so he could have someone on his side strange
The uninsured rate has dropped 4.2 percent since the Affordable Care Act went into effect: http://ofa.bo/i2Fg	It's not a 4.2% decrease.It's a 4.2 percentage point decline.The percentage decrease is much higher.He needs new PR people...
This is how the Affordable Care Act is helping Americans: http://ofa.bo/a2DT	And this is how Obama &Gutierrez are helping Americans right??http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/01/02/luis-gutierrez-to-kick-off-nationwide-exec-amnesty-education-tour-in-rhode-island/
"We have finally ended the debate in this country of whether or not health insurance is a right or a privilege.We think everyone in America has a right to have adequate health care insurance.And the Affordable Care Act gives them that right." —Vice President BidenWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/b2Cf	Everybody in the World should get Universal Health Care for Free because of taxes. You are a Great President Barack Obama :D Take Care :D
Hello, 2015. Here's to a great year.	Wishing you a great year!
This is going to take everything we've got: http://ofa.bo/r2C4	why do you ask for money, money is not support, I will fight on your side, but I will never give money to politics. and you should stop asking,.
Today's the deadline: Chip in right now. http://ofa.bo/p2Fu	Hey Obama look at this...This is in the United States of America.....Shame on you and the Clinton's.......And I am a liberal Democrat...
This movement for change has always been about you. Step up and own a piece of it: http://ofa.bo/c254	NO, it has always been about YOU and changing the Republic given to us by our Founding Fathers, into a liberal progressive socialist state.
Look back on all we accomplished in 2014: http://ofa.bo/d23L	Thank you, Mr. President, you have accomplished much, done good to many, and kept your focus fixed on what is just and right.
Answer this one-question survey: http://ofa.bo/g26N	2015 will be a very good year a lot of changes because we have a great president.
"No matter how much partisan gridlock gets in the way or how powerful some special interests seem, I know we can keep making real, lasting change." —President ObamaRead the President's latest message to OFA supporters: http://ofa.bo/c24B	Yes you can President Obama.Show them to the end how much better than them (the haters and dividers) you are.
"Merry Christmas, everybody ... We wish you and your family a happy and healthy 2015." —President ObamaWatch the President and the First Lady wish all Americans a merry Christmas: http://ofa.bo/c22b	"Merry Christmas, everybody ... We wish you and your family a happy and healthy 2015." —President Obama Good luck..:)..
It's the most wonderful time of the year.	t's the most wonderful time of the year.
Today's the last day to sign OFA's holiday card for President Obama—don't let your well wishes get left behind: http://ofa.bo/b25G	Merry Christmas President Obama to you and your family have a wonderful year ahead
Talk to your loved ones this holiday season about taking this important step: http://ofa.bo/d205	I wish i could be with you on christmas day for my breakfast,merry xmas to you and family
Don't forget to sign this holiday card for President Obama: http://ofa.bo/d1zt	The fact that it says holiday card is the reason I won't wish him anything but a quick exit from the whitehouse!
"We have to make sure our economy, our justice system, and our government work not only for a few, but for all of us."Watch President Obama's weekly address: http://ofa.bo/f247	it's better for all of us to have been provided ajob. Mr Presidend.
Get prepared for the cold months ahead. Get covered today: http://ofa.bo/h23A	I have no need Health donation.promote in health process so much easy when i get back to the visibility of mind.
Sign the card to send President Obama your holiday wishes: http://ofa.bo/e1yQ	Happy holiday Mr. President Obama and your family, from ours to yours,great job on the Cuba situation .!!!!
The uninsured rate is nearing a record low: http://ofa.bo/s22q	The uninsured rate is nearing a record low?Everyone making over $50K will be concidered "RICH".
Is your name on this card? Here's your chance to wish President Obama a happy holiday and say what you're fighting for in the new year: http://ofa.bo/r22W	My new year resolution is to get my husband his papers so we can finally take a Family Vacation instead of just me and our 2 girls!
"May this Hanukkah embolden us to do what is right, shine a light on the miracles we enjoy, and kindle in all of us the desire to share those miracles with others. From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." —President Obama	How come no one says x-nukkah to refer to the holidays?
In 2014, the U.S. economic recovery took major strides forward, and we set a new record for job growth––57 consecutive months and counting. Read more about the year in review: http://ofa.bo/r21z	This will all change after the first of the year
Make sure you have health insurance on January 1st: http://ofa.bo/e1vl	Make sure you have health insurance on January 1st: yes i do .....!
"So this holiday season, as we give thanks for the blessings in our own lives, let’s also give thanks to our men and women in uniform who make those blessings possible. Even as some are coming home for the holidays, many more will be far from their families, who sacrifice along with them." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h1yR	Have never heard of a leader so compassionate with our men and women in uniform thank you Mr. President for that special cognition from Kenya.
If your New Year's resolution includes having a healthy 2015, don't overcomplicate things: Start the year with health insurance. http://ofa.bo/g1vQ	I already have it in France and for me it's basic in a society.
Got covered on the marketplace? Make sure you're getting the best health care deal starting in 2015. Check out your options by December 15: http://ofa.bo/e1t1	How about if we all have the same health care that Congress has and retirement plan and unlimited vacations...and we the tax payers pick up the tab.
According to an analysis by the Council of Economic Advisers, the President's actions on immigration could boost our GDP by up to $210 billion over 10 years. Read more about why immigration reform makes moral and economic sense: http://ofa.bo/a1uf	It is reported that the cost of O's immigration plan will be 2 trillion dollars. Makes the GDP growth look like peanuts.
"Everyone eventually grows older at sometimes a faster rate than others." —President Obama filling in for Stephen Colbert during "The Word" segment on The Colbert ReportWatch the full clip: http://ofa.bo/r1wU	Looks like you have a job in comedy when you're out of office! You're even better at this than Colbert (but don't tell him that)!
Ready to make history? Only a few hours left to apply to become an OFA spring fellow: http://ofa.bo/c1sA	I apply too to become a OFA Spring fellow!;-)
"10.9 million new jobs.10 million more Americans with health insurance.More young Americans are graduating from high school and earning college degrees than ever before...The United States of America continues to outperform much of the world.	That's all you keep saying 10 million jobs but half of them are not even from this country
"Critics play a dangerous game when they denounce the science and law EPA has used to defend clean air for more than 40 years. The American people know better." ––Gina McCarthy, EPA administratorRead the proposal for tougher ozone pollution standards: http://ofa.bo/c1ov	Yes! We should act quickly before more people start to realize that the only thing the EPA will do is take away even more of their rights and freedoms.
So far this year, our economy has added 2.65 million jobs—that's on track for the best year of job growth since the late 1990s.	Just where was all this solid news on the economy from Dems in the recent elections?
The House's vote on immigration would harm millions of families. Add your name if you think the political games need to stop: http://ofa.bo/g1oM	I think your political games need to stop as well.
Want to make a difference in your community? Learn all about the OFA Fellows Program from Deputy Training Director Chelsey Wininger and former OFA fellow Aquiles Damiron in a Q&A on OFA's page at 1 p.m. ET.	What about the crimes against the average citizen by the police? Ferguson,Atlanta time to step up Mr President we need to hear your opinion.
You treat your home well. Do the same for your health. http://ofa.bo/p1wO	You treat your family well? How about trying that with the American people.
"This World AIDS Day, we commemorate how far we've come in the fight against HIV/AIDS, remember those we lost, and commit ourselves to the work we still have to do." —President ObamaWatch the President's statement on World AIDS Day.	Well said Mr President...Kudos to all the people who are fighting the battle and working hard to find a cure!
The best thing you can do for yourself this weekend? Make sure you're covered: http://ofa.bo/p1so	I do not need you or anybody else telling me what is best for me .
Doris went years without insurance: She was either denied coverage or it was too expensive. Today, things are different: http://ofa.bo/b1n4	WE pay the rest for DORIS, thanks are not necessary.....because, I am not happy over this.....0Obama, you are an idiot to think WE have ever believed your LIES.....
But as we gather with loved ones on this Thanksgiving, let’s remember and be grateful for what binds us together.Our love of country.Our belief that America’s best days are ahead, and that her destiny is ours to shape." —President ObamaWatch President Obama wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving: http://ofa.bo/g1jd	Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.  You are a wonderful president and I wish you all the best.
"The American people expect solutions from the people they send to Washington." —President ObamaRead the President's latest message to OFA supporters about why he's taking action on immigration: http://ofa.bo/f1lP	President Barack Obama The White House have you had a chance to talk to the Native American Indians about how they feel regarding this Immigration Reform 2014 http://youtu.be/7FItlStGMY4
A premium she can afford for the care she needs. This is why health care reform matters to Funke: http://ofa.bo/h1jU	I don't care if she has health care not as long as I'm not paying for it. No subsidies for anybody!
Add your name if you agree with President Obama's action on immigration reform: http://ofa.bo/i1hP	Sir, you are a liar and you are breaking the law.  I know what your objective is and hopefully the conservatives in Washington will STOP your agenda.
President Obama will address the nation tonight and lay out steps to help fix our broken immigration system. Add your name to show your support for taking action right now: http://ofa.bo/a1fs	The ONLY way to fix our broken immigration laws are to close our borders and send back all the illegals.
Best wishes for a great birthday, Vice President Biden.	Best wishes for a great birthday, HBD Vice President Biden.
There's no reason to put off getting covered any longer: http://ofa.bo/j1ds	There never was any reason not to get covered. Get a job and get covered like everybody else.
Sign this petition: The internet should remain open and free. http://ofa.bo/q1fH	You are correct Mr.Obama : the internet should remain open and free
See why health care reform matters to Rick: http://ofa.bo/g1bc	I could care less. I want NO government involvement in my personal health care. None.
Health care open enrollment is happening now. Don't miss your chance to get covered: http://ofa.bo/d1aQ	Jeffrey Jeffery Wright going to take coverage away from sick children ,.real nice Jeff very selfish..how do you get insurance????
"Tell your friends and family members to get covered ... Let them know that it’s easy, it’s affordable, and that they have just three months, starting today, November 15th, to sign up." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/a1be	Ok my President. What are the terms and conditions when I want to get covered?
The countdown is over: The health care marketplace is open for business again. http://ofa.bo/p1hm	Gov taking over health care is like the local police dept taking over mcdonald's, its just a gross idea and should never be attempted
Watch: Will you be ready for tomorrow?	yes, I'll be ready for tomorrow
Chip in today, and your donation will be matched dollar for dollar. http://ofa.bo/e1YV	Obama is a traitor and should be hung for treason! He is the Anti Christ and If you support him you will fry in H😡LL!
The moment is almost here: http://ofa.bo/b1a5	Life can give us lots of beautiful persons... but only one person is enough for a beautiful life!
Don't let this fundraising deadline drip away. Chip in today: http://ofa.bo/e1Wf	barack obama do not believe us, he's a beast will come as a chip put in ai do not let you read the bible!
Last night, the world's two largest economies struck a historic deal to cut carbon pollution. Add your name to support this bold action to fight climate change: http://ofa.bo/r1YK	China is Production oriented and america is Consumption oriented. Saving the World has to be done in China because republicans will not allow us to save the world from them.
Spread the word: http://ofa.bo/h1X3	I wonder now that the cat is out of the bag how the courts will rule now?
Join this team—and you will make a difference: http://ofa.bo/s1Wg	lol no you wont.  the only way you make a difference wont be on friggtin facebook i'll tell you that much
"This Veterans Day, and every day, let’s make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them." —President Obama	Yes, we know how much you appreciate them.
Real change can't happen without people like you: http://ofa.bo/e1UA	Real change can't happen without someone like you ..lovely president Mr Barak Obama... 3>
"I'm urging the Federal Communications Commission to do everything they can to protect net neutrality for everyone." —President ObamaAdd your name if you support keeping the internet open and free: http://ofa.bo/d1S1	Ok, at the risk of sounding stupid, what do they mean "keep the internet free?" The internet is not free, we have to pay for it now.
Let's make it happen. http://ofa.bo/j1TT	Let's make it happen Immigration Reform too
This is what Organizing for Action is all about. Join the movement: http://ofa.bo/e1TF	Change is what its all about. 😃
"If you see a veteran, go on up and shake their hand. Look them in the eye. Say those words that every veteran deserves to hear: 'Welcome home. Thank you. We need you more than ever to help us stay strong and free.'"Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/i1RB	to bad republicans will cut EVERY Thing that has to do with the military..pensions..VA..PAy..But..take every chance they get for photo opps with them..
This week, voters sent a message about raising the minimum wage. http://ofa.bo/p1X4	Why can you hear the message about minimum wage and not the message about illegal immigration...selective hearing.?
Great news: The unemployment rate in this country is falling as fast as at any point in the last 30 years. We have to keep the momentum going.	Great news: The unemployment rate in this country is falling as fast as at any point in the last 30 years. We have to keep the momentum going.
"So the simple truth is, when women succeed, America succeeds. And we should be choosing policies that benefit women, because that benefits all of us." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/r1Q5	....we should be choosing policies that benefit equality, not just women. That's when America excels.
All ready for Halloween.	I don't think Democrats are ready for Halloween... https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10353647_10152419634789117_5909810411866359053_n.jpg?oh=d4e7cdee194b36d02ae6fc0235c1516e&oe=54E7E64C&__gda__=1425363034_55d8320626585ae87d5315c8edbeb033
Facts are facts: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, millions more young adults across the country have access to health insurance. http://ofa.bo/p1TT	results always speak more than words, and your results are proven to have worked for the majority of Americans, good!
No ghost is as terrifying as this.	No ghost is as terrifying asthis.
Take one minute: http://ofa.bo/f1MA	This is a one day !
It's all hands on deck before the November 15th enrollment period: http://ofa.bo/t1MO	Obama your a POS liar!Gives the lazy people free healthcare while stealing from the middle class.Get out of our Whitehouse NOW!
"We have to be guided by the science—we have to be guided by the facts, not fear." —President Obama on EbolaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/a1Lk	We have to be guided by God and the holy espirit, not the science!!
The health insurance marketplace opens again in less than a month. Be a part of making this enrollment period a success: http://ofa.bo/h1JU	For seniors like George Schwab, the ACA has made his health insurance anything but affordable. Read more about the impact Obamacare is having in North Carolina: http://m.thefga.org/tD
Only 24 days until the health insurance marketplace opens again for all Americans.	Ya sir your giving greatful news by making health insurance for the people in the society and your really great Barack Obama sir.
Do your part to help Americans get covered this fall—and help make health care reform a lasting success: http://ofa.bo/g1GY	Congratulations, Mr. President. Every country should have an affordable health care plan. I hope you succeed! Well done!
Another big reason why health care reform matters: http://ofa.bo/s1JB	This health care is not affordable. Unless it us your only household cost.
Quality health coverage doesn't have to cost an arm and a leg. Find out how Obamacare is working for you: http://ofa.bo/b1I9	Quality health coverage doesn't have to cost an arm and a leg. Find out how Obamacare is working for you?
You have a role to play in making the next health care enrollment period a success: http://ofa.bo/a1Fy	I'm already part of the "team" paying 50% more for the same coverage I had before your "affordable" care act.
Get ready.	I'm already part of the "team" paying 50% more for the same coverage I had before your "affordable" care act.
Share if you agree: America thrives when its middle class is thriving.	Nothing is thriving but the elite !! There is no middle or working class . The fact a president still thinks in classes proves his demeanor!
"America deserves a raise right now. And America should forever be a place where your hard work is rewarded." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/c1An	Barack Obama Soon Kenya shall forever be a place where your hard work is rewarded Uhuru Kenyatta I Believe Kenya
FACT: The economy would be better off #With1010. Add your name to this petition if you think it's time to raise the wage: http://ofa.bo/i1AZ	the economy will be better when you leave office.
Watch the President's message: "Real change comes when all of us do our part. I'm going to keep at it, so that every American who's willing to work hard can have a fighting chance." Sign this minimum wage petition: http://ofa.bo/s1BG	What about non-Americans that are not willing to work??????? Hum, they get everything and we keep working to stupport that
According to a new survey, employers say a higher wage helps the economy and helps retain employees. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r1B2	A higher wage helps a lot of people. Not hard to figure out...
What do you know about today's minimum wage? http://ofa.bo/i17u	what do you know about KOBANe ? about us about humanity about our rights
Share if you're ready for marriage equality. #LoveIsLove	what marriage have to have some one to love first
"We do better when the middle class does better, and when more Americans have their way to climb into the middle class. And that’s what drives me every single day." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h15U	Without the middle class doing what they do everyday, running businesses, going to work, supporting communities, this country would fall apart.
Progress: The economy has added 10.3 million private sector jobs over the past 55 months.	Added 10.3 million part time jobs and lost 50 million jobs with benefits
Raising the minimum wage will grow the economy, benefiting every American: http://ofa.bo/p19d	Arthur Chao.  The cost of living will go up anyway.  Raising the minimum wage stimulates the economy.
State and local leaders throughout the country aren't waiting for Congress to raise the minimum wage. Read about the progress being made: http://ofa.bo/e147	The domino effect is happening with some states in the nation, in council to provide a boost to the minimum wage.
One year ago today, some extreme voices in Congress shut down the government—here's one reason why they won't try it again: http://ofa.bo/q14K	Republicans are in the driver seat.Then they will not have to shut down the government to get things done.
Everyone deserves access to affordable care: http://ofa.bo/e12N	THIS IS A LIE!!! Not everybody "deserves" access to affordable care! Worst "president" and worst "american" in history.
"The people of the world look to us to lead. And we welcome that responsibility. We are heirs to a proud legacy of freedom." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/g11X	"The people of the world look to us to lead. "[citation needed]
With an increase in insurance providers, consumers will have more options: http://ofa.bo/c0zq	Obama doesn't understand that the cost of healthcare is the problem not who has it. You are just forcing people to give more profits to health insurance companies.
Show your support for President Obama's plan to fight climate change: http://ofa.bo/i0zx	Step one to fight climate change would be to stop supporting more drilling.
These Fortune 500 companies are great allies in the fight against climate change: http://ofa.bo/c0zV	Are their companies that fight against the israeli brutalisation and land theft of palistine ?
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to you and your families for a sweet and happy new year." —President Obama to those celebrating Rosh Hashana	That  was very nice, to your family as well, thank you for taking the time in your busy schedule to address this important holiday.
President Obama just addressed the U.N. Climate Summit to make the case for strong action on climate change. If you agree, add your name: http://ofa.bo/h0y8	Yes,now the weather in my city is getting hotter and hotter, and we need to take action to get solution for it, "JESUS CHRIST"  the "LORD" Bless you all.
Julius' new health care plan came with a lower price tag—and the chance to pursue a dream. http://ofa.bo/e0xx	My new health care came with a tripped price tag and made me sell my car in order to afford it.
Share to say you're ready to take action on climate change.	Am ready 2 take action on climate change,
Take note: Pre-existing conditions can no longer stop you from getting covered. http://ofa.bo/d0uc	Is that really true or do they gladly take your money and fail to cover you if one of your pre-existing conditions is to blame for your needing care?
As Congress leaves Washington, it's on you to keep up the conversation on the issues that matter most: http://ofa.bo/e0vy	"You have to keep the conversation going." Why is it on us, when we have an impotent, pathetic excuse for a congress we pay with our tax dollars?
This is about safe drinking water for your family, your neighbors, and future generations: http://ofa.bo/s0uu	This post is about clean Water!!!!!!  Save your other drama for your mama!
It's simple: All Americans deserve clean drinking water. http://ofa.bo/a0u4	All people, everywhere, deserve clean drinking water. Not just Americans.
New friends.	All people, everywhere, deserve clean drinking water. Not just Americans.
The economy has improved greatly since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do: http://ofa.bo/a0tq	Recessions last 18 months and only really effect one sector. Because of the communist democrats and Obama, its been 8 years since real economic growth has occured. 
In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by ISIL: http://ofa.bo/r0tQ	Obama, you have to fight the threat you created so as to justify another war..
This is a public record of people who support expanding economic opportunity. Your name should be on it: http://ofa.bo/s0s0	#ontherecord you are not a legislator but???you are the worst president this country has ever seen. #obamasucks #impeachobama
Check this out: Americans are spending less on health insurance, and getting better coverage. http://ofa.bo/f0tR	Check this out: Americans are spending less on health insurance, and getting better coverage. http://ofa.bo/f0tR
Thirteen years since the peace of an American morning was broken.Thirteen years since nearly 3,000 beautiful lives were taken from us ...Thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, America stands tall and America stands proud." —President Obama on the anniversary of 9/11	What about people in Gaza that died for Israeli air stricks. And who is starting the war again ..Mr  president
Put it in (digital) ink: Get your support for expanding economic opportunity on the record. http://ofa.bo/p0uk	Depends on what you're calling 'economic opportunity'.  You'd be better off saying something about creating jobs and opportunities for the middle class.  You know....the one that's shrinking and shrinking........
Watch: Congress is back in session this week, so OFA decided to give Speaker Boehner a pep talk.	He just needs to bring bills up for a vote, but instead they will start threading a government shutdown again mark my words.
"Americans want to work. And when given a fair shot, the American worker has never, ever, ever, let his country down. Folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the American people." —Vice President BidenWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0p3	Fox watchers take note! " Folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the American people."
Cynicism doesn't look good on anyone. Make the better choice: http://ofa.bo/b0sh	Good Bless you and This Country and Guide you to acomplish your Job in the better way for all the people in the World, Amen
Add your name if you refuse to be cynical in the fight for change: http://ofa.bo/g0ph	get the world to help fight these isis monsters  or it could be your head next they are nuts and you aren't taking this serious enough . wake up ....
Maryanne is paying less for her coverage. Read why she loves her new health care plan: http://ofa.bo/g0pa	Ya I'm paying for her coverage is why. Socialism sucks as bad as you obama.
Congress can do more to create economic opportunity—like working to reduce student loan debt: http://ofa.bo/h0p0	We can do more like trying to provide free education at all levels.
Now that Bill is covered, he finally has options: http://ofa.bo/a0o8	Yes, yess like obamacare. Just know that Obama thinks it's so great that he exempted himself and congress from it 😂
Happy Labor Day to every American working hard day in and day out.	Can we think about shortening the work week and making every Monday, Labor Day? Think of all the good....
If your family is getting bigger, you should check out your health care options: http://ofa.bo/t0n0	What if you lost your family cause of your immigration policies, where's the bullet for my brain.
"The world cannot afford such recklessness on climate change." Read more: http://ofa.bo/g0lt	"The world cannot afford such recklessness on your politics"!
Watch: Austan Goolsbee, former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, knows the word on the economy, and what Congress can do to help. Add your name if you're ready to see Congress do more: http://ofa.bo/j0kP	Add my name to the list.Keep up the good fight President Obama.We will help you this November.VOTE BLUE!!!!
"Your members of Congress are home this month. If you’re a small business owner or employee of a large business that depends on financing to tackle new markets and create new jobs, tell them to quit treating your business like it’s expendable, and start treating it for what it is: vital to America’s success." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0io	Thank for all you hard work obama. You are a great american, please do as much as you can in your last two year to help continue our growth.
Jim didn't budget getting sick. But thanks to his health care coverage, he could afford to get the care he needed. http://ofa.bo/s0ki	The Republican Presidents did NOTHING to solve or help the health care crisis.  They could care less.  It is sad!
More good economic news—let's keep heading in the right direction: http://ofa.bo/b0l3	Um. Shouldn't the economy be turning around?The economy would have turned around on its own doing nothing in 6 years!!
Have questions about how to make an impact in moving the economy forward? Stop by OFA's Facebook page today at 1:00 p.m. ET and join a Q&A with Nico Probst, OFA's special projects director. Don't miss it.	The UN Security Council needs to vote for a military response to ISIS.  They need to be stopped now before they attack the West.
This has been a great year for job growth. But there's more to do. http://ofa.bo/e0hV	It hasn't been a great year for job growth for those of us who are still out of a job.
"The day I finally got affordable health insurance, I practically ran through the streets yelling the good news." Read Jason's story: http://ofa.bo/b0jI	And I am running down the street saying what happened to my good health care I had?
This is news worth sharing. http://ofa.bo/c0hR	Good news ang your Housing is doing well.
"For too many families across the country, paying for higher education is a constant struggle." —President Obama Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h0cL	For too many families paying for everything is a constant struggle. Jobs we need them more than the Chinese people
Share this if you agree: The time to take action on climate change is now.	yes... climate is changing. we need a real action to save the earth.
Read how OFA volunteers are speaking up for the new EPA carbon pollution standards: http://ofa.bo/b0gM	The carbon pollution standards are badly needed and long overdue.  Thanks to EPA and the President!
Share to show your support for cleaner air.	Okay.. How about share to show your support for Gaza sir ? :)
Read how climate change impacts like drought are affecting large regions of the country: http://ofa.bo/p0fZ	btw Murrica, pretty much every country in Europe supports climate change studies and acknowledges the effects of green houses gasses.
ICYMI: President Obama checked out mom-and-pop shops in Parkville, Missouri.	He should visit the mom and pop shops in Ferguson MO that are being looted right now. Police state.
Watch President Obama’s weekly address about American operations in Iraq: http://ofa.bo/e0XU	I cannot find the words to express about your kind &  support that you are doing in such as situation in Kurdistan!
Stay up to date on organizing around health care reform: Today at 1:00 p.m. ET on the OFA Facebook page, OFA's National Director of Issue Campaigns Lindsay Siler is answering your questions. You won't want to miss it.	Brandon Makaveli Correa you need to stay off this page.  The folks on the right I'm sure they have a page for all of your nasty comments!!!!!
LAST CHANCE: Help make President Obama's birthday special—sign OFA's birthday card before it's too late. http://ofa.bo/r0TM	Happy birthday godbless you more birthday  sir...
Today is the day: Don't miss this chance to wish President Obama a happy birthday. http://ofa.bo/a0Qw	Sir, wish you a very happy birthday.
Make this birthday an unforgettable one—wish President Obama a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/i0Nd	happy birthday have an awesome day!!~!!
ICYMI: Job creation has lasted for 53 straight months—the longest streak on record. http://ofa.bo/b0SQ	The longest streak on record:great!
Another year older and wiser. Wish President Obama a happy birthday by signing OFA's card here: http://ofa.bo/f0P0	So i share my birthday with you keep up the good work and share next years birthday as president?
"Imagine how much farther along our economy would be—how much stronger our country would be—if Congress would do its job." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/p0Tt	Imagine how much better our country would be with a government that did its job. 
53: The number of candles on President Obama's cake this year. 3: The number of days left to sign OFA's card. Make sure to add your name: http://ofa.bo/b0Rh	It must be nice to have money to actually celebrate your Birthday.. 27 candles for my imaginary cake on the 5th
Great progress on private sector job growth, but there's still work to do.	It has been created but not hiring adults are not great either. People with experience and no experience should be equal and able companies to give interviews.
Great news for seniors on Medicare, thanks to to the Affordable Care Act: http://ofa.bo/h0J0	That's a lie.  I'm on medicare and it is far harder for me to get coverage now than it was before the lying Muslim in the white house.
Read about Former Ohio Governor Ted Strickland's experience taking the Live the Wage Challenge: http://ofa.bo/t0No	#Hamasisnotterroriste but the #Resistance of The People of #Palestine ♡
Working full time to support a family shouldn't mean living below the poverty line. See what it's like to live on $77 a week: http://ofa.bo/d0JH	Let's put Congress on this wage for a month & see what happens. They haven't even worked enough to earn that much in the last 5 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Find out what the President is doing to help more Americans get better jobs in the new economy: http://ofa.bo/p0Mr	Politicians only help when they get out of the way.
Great news for LGBT Americans in the workplace: http://ofa.bo/q0JG	We also need great news for America's wild horses, Mr. President.  Don't stop at civil rights just for people but for all sentient beings and the environment.  http://m.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/03/how-the-department-of-the-interior-sold-out-americas-wild-horses/274159/
“Our economy grows best not from the top-down, but from the middle-out. We do better when the middle class does better.”—President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0Gb	"We do better when the middle class does better.” ----------->  YES FOR YOU
Share if you agree that a woman should have the right to make her own health care decisions—her boss shouldn't get a say.	If her boss shouldn't get a say then why should you?
Pals.	If her boss shouldn't get a say then why should you?
Chris is a lifelong sailor—and he knows climate change is already having an impact: http://ofa.bo/q0EQ	Climate change is a hoax!
Good things happen when states raise the minimum wage: http://ofa.bo/r0E4	Hey, Homie, nothing good happened when CT raised their minimum wage to the highest in the nation. I see you conveniently left off that "statistic".
"Really, don't ask Governor Hickenlooper who won at pool." —President Obama	We all know the president won that game
"Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working Americans. Join the rest of the country. Join me, I'm looking forward to working with you." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/g0CE	How about you just resign...That would be the biggest help to us all...Lead , follow, or get out of the way...
The uninsured rate is dropping—fast. http://ofa.bo/c0Bh	Being insured still doesn't mean it's good coverage
Watch: Jim owns a shoe store that's been open for 100 years, and he knows the importance of paying his employees a fair wage. http://ofa.bo/c0Ae	the fedRes/IRS has been open 100 years and knows the importance of taking an ever-growing percent of his employees' fair wage.
Get your questions answered by the leaders of OFA's climate team. At 1 p.m. ET today, join Ivan Frishberg and Jack Shapiro on the OFA Climate Team Facebook page and find out how you can take action.	FREE PALESTINE!! everyone have the right to be safe and happy with the family!! open your eyes.
When volunteers deliver this minimum wage petition, make sure your name is on it: http://ofa.bo/d09g	If you have minimum skills and apply minimum effort to your job then minimum wage is all you deserve.
President Obama is hitting the road to meet with Americans who wrote him a letter: http://ofa.bo/a08s	Wish I would have wrote him!  Never wanted to meet a President before but I like him and would love to!
In case you missed it, there's good news to share about the economy. Here are some quick facts: http://ofa.bo/c096	How about all of the people who went from full time to part time jobs?  you only report the numbers that make you look, not what is really happening.
With the Affordable Care Act, pre-existing conditions won't keep you from getting covered.	It seems really bizarre if you're following this discussion from a European perspective.Pre-existing conditions keeping you from getting covered?????
Weekend BBQ.	It seems really bizarre if you're following this discussion from a European perspective.Pre-existing conditions keeping you from getting covered?????
Enjoy the fireworks. Happy Fourth of July.	God Bless The United States of America!!! Amen..
It's time to put people over politics in the 24 states that have not expanded Medicaid. http://ofa.bo/r06G	Most people would understand that 24 states are about half of the country. The half of the country that realizes Odumma has no idea what he is doing.
Sign your name to tell polluters and climate change deniers that enough is enough: It's time to act. http://ofa.bo/q05T	Forget about climate change we need JOBS get it
Watch: With or without Congress, let's move forward and make progress for the American people. http://ofa.bo/b06D	you have to when all they want to do is shut down the government, and stand in the way of progress for the American people.
Add your name if you stand with women today: http://ofa.bo/f04C	If you truly stood with women, you would not seek to deport them and their children without full and fair process. 
You could win a free trip to Chicago for OFA's birthday party for President Obama: http://ofa.bo/e02h	instead of win a trip why don't you give them a trip !
This is your chance to experience Chicago this summer—for free: http://ofa.bo/s03B	This is your chance to help the citizens of Michigan. Don't pass up the opportunity!
Together.	This is your chance to help the citizens of Michigan. Don't pass up the opportunity!
Stand up for science: Call out climate change deniers. http://ofa.bo/s02W	How about this...you call out climate deniers, and I'll call out the truth deniers, like our Liar in Chief.
"Rather than stack the decks in favor of those who’ve already succeeded, let’s realize that we are stronger as a nation when we offer a fair shot to every American." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/s02P	America may well be a big strong country, but against the Belgians, they will not win in football, there we are much better than their
Show your support, and get the chance for a free trip to Chicago: http://ofa.bo/hys	Don't show your support and get entered to win a free trip to GTMO :D
Here's your chance to win a free trip to Chicago for you and a guest: http://ofa.bo/tyd	So great, I would like to go there. Have a good day! <3
Watch: For these people, marriage is a gift. http://ofa.bo/tyF #LoveIsLove	A simple illustration but it means a lot. Love have a great role on the society we're living and it's Wonderful.
Put your name on OFA's donor wall and show that you're making a difference: http://ofa.bo/dxK	Put your name on the wall Jasen Tangherlini...lol
Looking sharp.	Put your name on the wall Jasen Tangherlini...lol
Take action. Demand progress. Support OFA: http://ofa.bo/bvW	Put your name on the wall Jasen Tangherlini...lol
Share if you believe it's time for immigration reform.	It's time for this president to enforce the immigration laws we already have on the books. Had he done so we wouldn't be in this mess we're in.
You shouldn't have to choose between work and family. Read the President's latest op-ed on workplace policies: http://ofa.bo/buG	We do have a president who cares,  Too many things to fix, and the GOP is no help. Both sides need to work together.
Many Americans have health insurance for the first time in their lives because of the Affordable Care Act.Stand up to members of Congress who are trying to take that away: http://ofa.bo/stZ	They have it for the first time in there lives because you forced them to have health insurance.....they didn't have a choice.....
"Family leave. Childcare. Flexibility. These aren’t frills—they’re basic needs. They shouldn’t be bonuses—they should be the bottom line."Watch the President's weekly address: http://ofa.bo/csM	Thats what we have in Sweden already and its the basic to equality!We would vote for you if we could!❤️️
Hand in hand.	Hand in hand. Destroying America!
Take your place in the fight to prevent climate change: http://ofa.bo/srt	We have known this to be an issue for many decades, do not try and be the leader in our fight against climate change.
More great news about health care reform: http://ofa.bo/srI	Yay, people have insurance.That doesn't make health care affordable.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, you can focus on getting better.	David Richmond you have to ask your physician what insurance he accepts and that's the one you have to switch to it's not rocket science
Add your name if you believe no one should face discrimination because of who they are or whom they love: http://ofa.bo/eqL	we should not discriminate each one another because we are all originated from the same God. 
Something to celebrate: http://ofa.bo/dnn	And also need to call to Sung Kim the embassador and ask him to meet me
To all the dads: Happy Father's Day.	I would choose him for the "DAD" of this country any day.
To the class of 2014: Know your options. http://ofa.bo/anv	Yes!  Congrats to to the class of 2014!
In the weekly address, President Obama wishes dads a happy Father's Day: http://ofa.bo/qpS	Thank you,  Mr President Barack Obama. I wish you a happy one too.
Watch this video and see what the @OFA Summer Fellowship is all about: http://ofa.bo/jmk	I can see what its about without watchin the video
Share if you agree.	I think Mr. President you are awesome.I pray for you everyday and ask God to always give you guidance.Bless you.
President Obama took action today to reduce the burden of student loan debt. Here's how he's working to make college more affordable: http://ofa.bo/qmU	Why pay back your loans at all when the federal, state and local governments are allowing illegals to go to college for free. Not to mention a drivers license.
Southpaw.	Why pay back your loans at all when the federal, state and local governments are allowing illegals to go to college for free. Not to mention a drivers license.
"Over the past three decades, the average tuition at a public four-year college has more than tripled. The average undergraduate student who borrows for college now graduates owing almost $30,000."Watch President Obama discuss the growing issue of student loan debt: http://ofa.bo/jl0	Every college student in America needs to get out and vote for the Party who cares...aka  The Democratic Party.
Kansas City business owners who raised their wages received a tasty award from OFA volunteers: http://ofa.bo/djr	Henry Ford got rich by paying his workers twice the prevailing wage so they could afford to by his product.
Happy Pride Month.	Henry Ford got rich by paying his workers twice the prevailing wage so they could afford to by his product.
Watch: Climate change is not an issue for the future—it's a threat today. Stand with President Obama and let's take action: http://ofa.bo/smK	Such clowns, climate change is a threat now? It's been a threat for decades... It's a simple case of too little too late.
The proposed standards on carbon pollution will mean cleaner air and fewer asthma attacks. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/tks	I'm all for cleaner air standards and lower environmental impacts, but is the asthma angle the best angle your team can come up with?  It just seems goofy to me.
President Obama is taking action to limit carbon pollution from existing power plants. Add your name to join him: http://ofa.bo/pnJ	Glad to hear it....someone needs to do something....this pollution is way out of control.
President Obama is taking a stand for public health by requiring existing power plants to curb carbon pollution. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/ejW	Encourage the whole nation to plant as much as possible no matter residence as ground floor or up stairs. Many kinds of plant are easy to grow at any circumstances
"As president, and as a parent, I refuse to condemn our children to a planet that’s beyond fixing." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/tkE	You kill the children of the world Islamic You can not reform a final In your country or other
Donate to OFA before midnight to be automatically entered for a chance to meet James Taylor backstage. http://ofa.bo/eiw	Its ashame to have to sign a petition to get our soilder home!!!
Chip in. Be automatically entered. Win. Meet James Taylor. http://ofa.bo/qjs	can you translate Bijan Khajehei
Every American should have access to affordable health care—but because of leaders in 24 states, some are being left behind.	Barck Obama if every american should have access to good health care what have u don for other part of nation as a super president.
Want to win a free hotel and flight to Chicago? Even better: You and a friend could get to see James Taylor in concert—and meet him backstage.Just chip in right now to be automatically entered to win: http://ofa.bo/bkl	With everyone calling it CHI-RAQ  who wouldn't want to go there.  Instead send me to Memphis or Miami so I can be on the first 48
Share if you agree: Blocking access to affordable health care is wrong.	I believe that everyone is entitled to access to health care and Medicaid.
Marriage equality has arrived in four new states in the past month alone. http://ofa.bo/pll	more to the point... Obama is STILL killing veterans in VA hospitals all over the country
Leaders in 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion for millions—this fight needs your help: http://ofa.bo/tib	Medicaid is funded with tax dollars, and expansion requires more tax dollars, I bet that has something to with why these 24 states are not expanding Medicaid
"Today, we pause to remember our fallen troops, to mourn their loss, and to pray for their loved ones. Though our hearts ache, we find a measure of solace in knowing their legacy lives on in the families our heroes left behind." —President Obama	Obama has no respect for our fallen heros or for our beloved country they fought for. He needs to go back to Kenya.
"Our country was born out of a desire to be free, and every day since, it’s been protected by our men and women in uniform—people who believed so deeply in America, they were willing to give their lives for it." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/hht	Your country was born out by killing the original people who lived in it and you still going on this way until now
Cleared for landing.	http://soundcloud.com/dudoksunoobeat/­ roba-marido-fogo-cruzado-ft/s-0FBDc Shared from the SoundCloud iOS app. Get it for free here: http://itunes.apple.com/de/app/soundcloud/id336353151?mt=8
Add your name if you agree it's time for leaders in 24 states to stop blocking Medicaid expansion. http://ofa.bo/dh6	It is time for our leaders to stop playing politics and take care of the people ... it's called being what you stated ... a leader ...
Who's on first?	Who's on first, what's on second, I don't know's on third
Here are 8 million reasons why the Affordable Care Act shouldn't be repealed.	8 million signed up, but how many actually have it?
This shouldn't be controversial. It's time for states to stop blocking Medicaid expansion.	What can YOU do Mr. President to stop them from blocking it and giving the ppl what they need or want???
"I want to work with Congress to create jobs and opportunity for more Americans. But where Congress won’t act, I will." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/tgj	Prices and no work, poorer getting poorer.Change is needed for millions of Americans.Lots working two jobs and not make ends meet, middle class suffering.
Your annual checkup: covered.	In other news today, health insurance premiums are expected to show double digit increases next year.   Thanks.
Share this if you believe repealers should stop trying to take away people's health care.	Share this if you believe repealers should stop trying to take away people's health care.!!!!please!
This is progress: http://ofa.bo/shu	This is not progress, this is pro-grose!
Some members of Congress continue to deny that climate change is real, or man-made, or dangerous. The truth is, it's all three.	Climate change is real, but it's normal natural process being here for billions of year, so we should accomodate to it and not to change the climate...
This is wrong: Some states are blocking Medicaid expansion that would give coverage to millions.	Our "governor" Perry is the same ole idiot---he doesnt want to expand Medicaid to  The poor millions without coverage of any sort !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sign this petition: http://ofa.bo/rgYA yearly salary of $14,500 isn't enough. It's time to raise the wage.	Then why is the minimum level of income to qualify for almost any help around $13,000??
Share this to push back on the health care repealers still working to take away access to affordable care.	If they don't want health care, the public should not have to subsidize the ERs for them.
Leaders in 24 states should put people over politics and stop blocking Medicaid expansion.	Leaders in all 50 states should put people before politics and repeal Obamacare...
Sign this petition: $7.25 an hour just isn't enough anymore. http://ofa.bo/ifi	I agree it could go up, but 10 is just an insane amount to jump it to
It's time to give working families a hand: http://ofa.bo/sgV	Forcing to work a 2nd job to pay for just childcare.In the end factoring in when the family breaks apart....
To all the moms: Feel celebrated today. Happy Mother's Day.	To all the moms: Feel celebrated today. Happy Mother's Day.
This Mother's Day, don't forget: Maternity care is covered.	Maternity care is covered but this country needs maternity LEAVE reform!!!
"Every four minutes, some small business or home owner is going solar."Watch the White House join in: http://ofa.bo/ge4	Every four minutes, some small business or home owner *goes solar.
So you can focus on getting better.	As an RN, we still want you to get to be the best you can be and then get out and be healthy!!!
The impact of climate change is being felt by families and communities across the country. Tell your story: http://ofa.bo/gd8	The impact of your economic policies are being felt by even more. #failure
"Permission for greatness."That's what immigrating to the United States meant to Wilmer Valderrama, and that's why getting immigration reform done is so important to him.	President Obama has made it much easier for immigrants to become legal, now if you don't want to follow this road then you should go back home. Your choice??
President Obama on teachers: "We really can’t say enough about how important their role is in making sure that America succeeds. So thank you for what you’re giving our children and what you’re giving our nation." Happy Teacher Appreciation Day.	Be a good example that work in guidance of our creator. Bring me directly what I ask.
Drought, flooding, rising seas, generally unpredictable weather, and other climate change-related hardships will worsen with time—unless we take action.	concentrate population will finish climate change in part but it will be the start of new  challenges
The percentage of uninsured Americans is shrinking, thanks to health care reform: http://ofa.bo/jcA	The uninsured is still uninsured the low incme families dnt qualify for neither Obama care or Medicaid esp those who are sterile.
A full-time worker earning the federal minimum wage makes just $14,500 a year. If you believe it's time to give these workers a raise, sign this petition: http://ofa.bo/cce	Raise the minimum wage to a living wage: YES!Stop the KXL Pipeline: please!No TPP: bad for American jobsThank you Mr president♡♡
Don't miss this: President Obama delivered plenty of jokes at the White House Correspondents' Dinner. http://ofa.bo/qde	No wonder he delivered plenty of jokes....he is the biggest joke of all,,,,
Let's do this: Time for the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Watch live at 6:00 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/tck	Begins at 6:00 on CNN News. Lasts until 11:00.MSNBC carries it from 9 to 11.
"I’m going to take action on my own wherever I can.To grow our economy from the middle-out, not the top down.To give every American who works hard a chance to get ahead.That’s what this Year of Action is all about, and that’s what I’m going to keep fighting for." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/ich	Way to Go keep up the great work for this country
Up top.	Way to Go keep up the great work for this country
Sign the petition if you think this is long overdue. http://ofa.bo/bdJ	yes we want a raise and we want it now ,,,,thank you mr president you are the best
It's gonna be May.	Its jt's song "its gonna be me" but he sounds like he says "its gonna be may"..you guys are slow!!Lol
Sign the petition: It's time for a higher minimum wage. It's time to give America a raise. http://ofa.bo/scl	The republicans would  rather give the rich 10;000 a minute then give the working man or. Woman 10;00 a hour
It's time—for families, for our economy, for our nation. http://ofa.bo/dZq	time for everyone but our military?!
Today is the last day to add your name to OFA's permanent record. Say you were a part of the history of health care reform: http://ofa.bo/dZa	I just wanted to let the kids and adults alike the same thing as a result of the most important ::,, 
Watch: If someone works full time and makes the federal minimum wage, do you know how much their annual salary is? http://ofa.bo/eZe	My only problem with raising the minimum wage is that I have worked long and hard for my rate of pay....does that get bumped as well???
Health care reform took generations of organizing. Show that you were part of it: http://ofa.bo/jZc	And they werent part of it
Look what you accomplished: OFA volunteers pledged more than 500,000 hours in the final push for health care, and more than 8 million Americans now have affordable, quality health insurance plans from the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/pcO	I like Obama but we tried to get health care on 1135.00 a month and our premium would be over 500.00 a month.
"We know that our economy works best when it works for all of us—not just a fortunate few. We believe we do better when everyone who works hard has a chance to get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sbf	How does the economy just work for a fortunate few ? Obama do you think mediocre is all people should strive for ?
Lending a hand.	Amazing Human Being and a Great Role Model!!
By trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, some members of Congress are threatening to take away access to health care for children with pre-existing conditions.	Members of Congress who want to take away health care for children with pre-existing conditions are disgusting, those members of congress should lose their insurance....
7 out of 10 Americans support raising the minimum wage—and states are responding. http://ofa.bo/saf	And 3 out of 10 can't support because they couldn't get a job...
The Affordable Care Act is making sure that Isaac is never held back by his health needs. Repeal could change that for him forever.	What he isnt telling anyone is that kids family had to deidecto pay a ridiclous price for that insurance, or to buy him food. Good thing he has insurance!
Some members of Congress still want to repeal the Affordable Care Act—even though that means pulling the rug out from under Renee and millions like her.	How bout the rug you pulled from under people like me to get the act passed?  Now MY family is without.
Free preventive care is helping Americans stay healthy—but some members of Congress want to repeal the Affordable Care Act and take it away.	If the Republicans would work as hard to help fix it instead of trying to repeal it things would be a lot better!
Happy Earth Day.	If the Republicans would work as hard to help fix it instead of trying to repeal it things would be a lot better!
State legislatures from both parties are reaching across the aisle to raise the minimum wage for their hard-working constituents: http://ofa.bo/tYe	This is the First President in history to ask for minimum wage increase and NOT have congressional support. Why?
Easter tradition.	This is the First President in history to ask for minimum wage increase and NOT have congressional support. Why?
"The common thread of humanity that connects us all—not just Christians and Jews, but Muslims and Hindus and Sikhs—is our shared commitment to love our neighbors as we love ourselves." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/eXJ	We're all humans, and the base of religion is to love.So how about we start loving each other?!Love you Prez!
Many full-time workers make just $14,500 a year. America can do better.Add your name for a higher minimum wage: http://ofa.bo/cXR	Mr. Obama it is your job to create a climate for middle class jobs. Don't blame us if all you can create are dead end minimum wage jobs.
Happy National High Five Day. Spread the joy.	Iloveyou mr.president all the way.
This is a big deal.	This is a big Effin Deal!!
Welcome to Instagram, Mr. Vice President. http://instagram.com/vp	we have a thousand economic problems to solve but first let me take a selfie
Here's what you helped do. http://ofa.bo/rXm	Could your could your head get any bigger? You sure like to brag on yourself about what you supposedly did when you screwed more people than you helped a$$hole
"The Passover story has always had special meaning. We come from different places and diverse backgrounds, but we are bound together by a journey." —President Obama	I like this president, I know what I will say is impossible and being more Spanish and live in Spain, but I would not give to meet him.
You're not a lobbyist. You don't have your own PAC. You don't have millions to give to political causes.OFA is for you. Get involved: http://ofa.bo/eVv	The revolution is coming. You have pushed the people to far and we will NOT stand for it any longer!
Share this so people know to watch: Check out the first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously." http://ofa.bo/qXI	James Allen is one of the few people here who realize that this monster should be impeached. You people would believe Oblowhard because that's what sheep do.
We need to create opportunity for all Americans, but the budget the House of Representatives just passed sweetens the deal for the wealthy and places more burdens on middle-class families: http://ofa.bo/bXG	They need to get the money from somewhere for the welfare for the rich.  Where else but from the backs of middle class people.
The wage gap is real and it's hurting families. Stand with women and join the fight for equal pay today: http://ofa.bo/cUt	The wage gap is real and strong and he's my friend.
Thanks in part to pressure from OFA supporters throughout the country, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to restore unemployment insurance.Now it's time to take the fight to the House. See how you can help: http://ofa.bo/qVj	And he will now have decent medical care/coverage thanks to the ACA. Had nothing before, which added to the problems.
With this settled, Keegan can put all his energy into his business.	With this settled, Keegan can put all his energy into his business.yes
Thank you, doctor.	With this settled, Keegan can put all his energy into his business.yes
"Recently, the Gap decided to raise its base wages, and that benefited about 65,000 workers in the United States—and it led me to go shopping at Gap. Some of you may have seen the very attractive sweaters that I purchased for my daughters. They have not worn them yet." —President Obama	Go gap be the leader  and reward the followers, also subsidize the mom and pop stores that may suffer because of the wage increase and still shop  there as well
Thank you for helping to shape history. http://ofa.bo/iTs	Now we need to start educating people about the costs of healthcare so we can stop smoking, create access to heathy diets for everyone, and start quality exercise programs.
Ready to catch spring fever?	ready to catch whatever you got~!
73% of Americans support raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. Add your name to show you agree: http://ofa.bo/aSU	Keep raising the minimum wage appeal to the masses.. Pay more for not going to school what a joke..
History.	Keep raising the minimum wage appeal to the masses.. Pay more for not going to school what a joke..
This is why health care reform matters: Renee, a cancer survivor, can no longer be denied coverage.	This is heart touching. There is a God. Imagine going that long without adequate healthcare!!
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in $5 to keep pushing this movement forward. http://ofa.bo/cRE	Please sign our petition to the white house, we need 150 to go public. Please go to http://wh.gov/ld2jeGive the priority to US citizens in Medical Residency
You can help fight back against the other side's scare tactics: http://ofa.bo/eRK	I AM the other side, and they are NOT scare tactics.
Amy never again has to worry about having access to her doctor.	But we still have to worry about going bankrupt or not being able to afford the treatments our doctors want...
Put a smile on your face, and put your name on OFA's Donor Wall: http://ofa.bo/tQw	Instead of my name on the wall; you can put my nizzutts on the wall instead
Tell your friends: They're running out of time. The deadline to enroll in quality, affordable health insurance on the new marketplace is March 31st. http://ofa.bo/iRm	If Obama wanted to fix the health care system he should regulate the insurance companies and not the american people we shouldn't have to choose between rent or insurance
Not much time left: Get your name on the OFA Donor Wall. http://ofa.bo/hR1	Sorry, no money to spare, but perhaps one of the cult will donate on my name...
FACT: Breaking your leg could cost more than $3,000 without insurance. Don't get caught without coverage: http://ofa.bo/eQ9	In some countries it costs $0 when you break your leg and they don't even have health insurance......
Still need a reason? President Obama has a message for you: http://ofa.bo/fRW	I have a message for Obama.   Screw off
Chip in to be a part of this movement for change. http://ofa.bo/gOk	Donate you will have a chance at being an ambassador to the country of your choice without ever having to step foot in it.
Breaking your arm hurts bad enough, without a $7,000 price tag. Get covered now and keep money in your wallet: http://ofa.bo/hPl	is that before  or after you pay your $6.000 dollar dectaabile
Don’t drop the ball! The deadline to chip in is March 31st.http://ofa.bo/rPc	Being that the rumor of a chip being put in people is going around. Using chip in the headline might have been a bad idea ....
Share Sam and Rebecca's story: They finally found the freedom and flexibility to pursue their dreams.	Ask your wife to stand up for Tibet while in China so they can have the freedom and flexibility to pursue their dreams
It's the grand opening of the official OFA online store. Enter the code LAUNCH5 and get $5 off all orders that are $35 or more: http://ofa.bo/pPW	Andy - in your line of thinking then: Reagan did not bring down the Berlin Wall, and Lincoln did not win the civil war.
This is your chance to ask the experts about health care enrollment. OFA's Health Care Campaign Manager Erin Hannigan and Enroll America's Managing Director Chris Wyant will answer your questions today at 1:00 p.m. ET on OFA's Facebook page.Don't miss the chance to get all of your questions answered before March 31st.	Let's get past the teabagger lies and get straight to the facts!Here are simple answers to 20 questions about Obamacare that may have you confused:http://thinkprogress.org/health/2013/09/29/2682291/obamacare-questions-2/
Millions have already made their voices heard. Join them: http://ofa.bo/rOI	YES , MILLIONS have made their voices heard and they want obama tried for treason against America and our Constitution and imprisoned,... PERIOD
Chip in before it's too late. http://ofa.bo/bOG	Thanks to this fraud everyone will be broke by the time he leaves office....but when he leaves it will be reason to Celebrate and dance in the streets!!! 
Love health care reform? Get ready to display this free sticker proudly: http://ofa.bo/bO0	Why should health care be mandatory?!?! I'm young and healthy... If you want to reform, make it free.
"Over the past four years, over three million young Americans have been able to stay on their family plans. And over the past five and a half months alone, more than five million Americans have signed up to buy private health insurance plans on HealthCare.gov—plans that can no longer discriminate against preexisting conditions or charge you more just because you’re a woman or a cancer survivor—and millions more have enrolled in Medicaid." —President Obama, on the fourth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act.	Over the past 4 years young people have HAD to stay on their parents plans because they can't find a JOB.
Don’t get left out in the cold. Get covered by March 31st. http://ofa.bo/sMv	Get covered by chemtrails and get left in the cold!!!!
"It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet."Lori wants Congress to renew unemployment insurance: http://ofa.bo/pMh	It is incredible.Try to get this to people as it may not last long on YouTube, as Obama's people are working hard to get it removed.http://www.armyparatrooper.org/dropzone/showthread.php/22772-How-Marines-welcome-a-President
OFA supporters have pledged 500,000 hours to help out with the final push for health care.Now it’s your turn. http://ofa.bo/dKJ	Everyone who does not sign up for ACA needs to be find to help pay for the expensive ER visit.  Fines need to be raised.
Don’t let your chance to get covered get away. Enroll before the March 31st deadline: http://ofa.bo/rLT	I want to keep the one I got on the job.
Consider health insurance if you're involved with:1) Cheetahs2) Hang gliding3) Grapple hooksJohn Cho throws it back to being young and reckless: http://ofa.bo/hKe #TBT	Mel Collova.Only a fool would take what their insurance company was telling them as gospel.People need to go shopping.
This is the last call for health care enrollment in 2014, and there's work to be done. Join a Q&A with the leaders of OFA’s national organizing team, Sara El-Amine and Jennifer Warner, and Enroll America's Managing Director Chris Wyant on OFA’s Facebook page at 11:30 a.m. ET—and find out how you can get involved.	Obama there is  a group at the border waiting on you to enroll ACA, so they can Vote, Vote democratic  for freebees...
Time for some fun. Choose your favorite: http://ofa.bo/tJO	Tony, unfortunately, you are the mirror of your words. In your effort to insult and offend you have drawn some major inaccurate conclusions.
Share Erika's story: http://ofa.bo/sKJ	Tony, unfortunately, you are the mirror of your words. In your effort to insult and offend you have drawn some major inaccurate conclusions.
The enrollment deadline for 2014 is coming up fast—make sure you get covered by March 31st: http://ofa.bo/pK7	Why must there be a deadline to enroll in health care?  Lives change all year and it should be open enrollment all year.
DYK: 50% of uninsured single young adults are eligible for coverage that costs only $50.Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/bKF	DYK: 50% of uninsured single young adults are eligible for coverage that costs only $50.Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/bKF
BUDGET DEADLINE AT MIDNIGHT: Help with the final push for health care. http://ofa.bo/qJi	I support  to you Latino with Juan Valentin Leonardo with Obama for follow forward together the family Democrats health care Act.
You can help with the final push for the Affordable Care Act: http://ofa.bo/eIc	You want help with the final push, just wait until the elections this fall.
Watch: Keegan built his own business from the ground up—and the Affordable Care Act helped him do it. http://ofa.bo/iIf	How could the affordable care act help him create his business from the ground up when it just started. Lmfao
"We know from our history that our economy grows best from the middle out, when growth is more widely shared. So we’ve got to restore opportunity for all—the idea that with hard work and responsibility, you can get ahead."—President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/qIc	we need to stop outsourcing and start making things in america again!!! this is why the marijuana and hemp industry can be our saving grace.
Options for affordable care on the new marketplace are mind-blowing. See for yourself: http://ofa.bo/aHs	I was all for affordable health care but I am unemployed and the cheapest health plan that the market place is offering me is too expensive for me.
Share this story: John was skeptical about the new health care marketplace—until he saw his options. http://ofa.bo/cGx	My brother has a new hip, because he was able to buy health insurance at a reasonable cost with no pre-existing clause!
What are your 3.141592 favorite flavors? Happy Pi Day.	Blueberry is my favorite pie.
Take a look at your options. http://ofa.bo/bHx	Wishing this photo and lead-in header ("Take a look at your options.") were about public education. I'll take Montessori!
#ThrowbackThursday: Family edition.	Wishing this photo and lead-in header ("Take a look at your options.") were about public education. I'll take Montessori!
Chip in and be a part of the final health care push: http://ofa.bo/cF0	Worse President EVER!And in 4 days American Spring movement is going to remove Ofucktard and the rest of the courupt government from DC.
This calculator will tell you how little your health insurance could cost on the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/aFG	Don't we all should forget about money Barack,,,free health for everyone if I were on top....Can money save your life Barack,, ?
You never know what you could save: http://ofa.bo/eEg	You never know what you could save: http://ofa.bo/eEg
Watch: President Obama is interviewed between two ferns. http://ofa.bo/jEs	Half of the people who are commenting on this are German teens who aren't taught about the holocaust until high school. Or they are positing in Arabic??
Up top.	Half of the people who are commenting on this are German teens who aren't taught about the holocaust until high school. Or they are positing in Arabic??
There are only a few weeks left to get health coverage that starts in 2014. Don't wait: http://ofa.bo/jDq	Steven Mc DonaldGet off the couch and look for a job! Stop the welfare madness!!There are PLENTY of jobs!LOOK!!!!!You do not have to get one that pays 150K a year!!!Please!!!!!!
Share Joshua's health care story: He's a healthy, young grad student with a limited budget. Find out how little he's paying for quality health insurance. http://ofa.bo/bEM	He is a professional student whose healthcare is subsidized by people like me who are now paying much more.What the hell is "fair" about that.
"It’s time to give America a raise. And it’s time to restore opportunity for all." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sDK	It's time to give afuck
Watch President Obama talk health care with a few people you may recognize from YouTube—including some who do a pretty good President Obama. http://ofa.bo/dCP	What about help adults who try education again that would be to hard for you  make it a normal process
Don't miss your chance to get covered in 2014. Get enrolled now. http://ofa.bo/jD8	Have enrolled yesterday and I saved money! Thank you President Obama!  Thank you for helping the people!
Share Margaret's life-changing story: http://ofa.bo/gBo	أوباما.... الله ياخدك شو أجدب
You might qualify for financial assistance on the new health care marketplace. Check out your options: http://ofa.bo/aCY	PS- in order to qualify for assistance in my state, your healthcare premium has to be 9.5% over your gross annual income. Good luck.
Share Tresa's story: This mother of four is no longer paying sky-high health premiums. http://ofa.bo/sCG	Can't afford the healthcare! Between student loans, rent and healthcare there is nothing left of my paycheck.
Share Michael's story: He's saving money, eligible for preventive care, and all his prescriptions are covered—thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/fC8	This is so funny!Mostly illegal people are thanking Obama for his hard work!I'm not going to pay for anything by force!
The final month of health care enrollment for 2014 is here. Are you covered? http://ofa.bo/gAi	Wow, glad I'm Canadian, don't have a cut off date for health care
Last call: http://ofa.bo/gAC	Wow, glad I'm Canadian, don't have a cut off date for health care
"I’m going to keep doing everything in my power to rebuild an economy where everyone who works hard has the chance to get ahead—where we’re restoring our founding vision of opportunity for all." —President Obama.Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/qAz	Thank you for your service!  Those who work hard need to be rewarded! Everyone needs the opportunity to work and reap the rewards of a hard days work. ♡
Share if you believe in opportunity for all.	I believe in you Barack Obama!
Center of attention. #BoBackThursday	He Has great Family, Obama is one of the most Family -oriented president of the history of United States .  we Love you Barak
Share to spread the word.	17 trillion and growing.  Holy cow, that's an all time first.  I agree, lets share to spread the word.
This one decision changed Keegan's life, and only costs him $175 a month: http://ofa.bo/hAJ	If it were about the "lifting a weight" then it would have been a single payer system. No weight was lifted,  an extra one was just required by law.
"This has to be a year of action." —President Obama	This has to be a year of fraction.#president_Marzouki 
Share this story: Claire was curious about what the marketplace could offer. Find out why she called her findings "unbelievable." http://ofa.bo/s9g	Clair's story is very similar to that which I hear from friends and acquaintances. It's crazy not to check it out!
Share the President's latest message: It's time.	Half of the comments are in arabic.This is the America you've desrroyed
"Here in America, no one who works hard should have to live in poverty—and everyone who works hard should have a chance to get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d8o	And anyone who does little to nothing but doesn't have to live in poverty should just be given more tax breaks, right Corporate America?
Share Rosetta’s story: Getting covered doesn't mean breaking the bank anymore—she pays less than $40 a month. http://ofa.bo/r9Y	Share their story: Getting covered means breaking the bank - These people are paying 40-60% MORE for healthcare a month. http://youtu.be/j4VEhXW4koo
Share this story about how Jake saves more than $200 a month on his health care: http://ofa.bo/t95	one story where a guy saves compared to 1000's who are paying more
“Tell Congress–it's time to stop withholding this economic lifeline for job-seekers, and start helping the more than a million unemployed Americans looking to get back on their feet.” Read Amee’s story and tell Congress to renew unemployment insurance: http://ofa.bo/g8W	it's time to stop withholding this economic lifeline for job-seekers, and start helping the more than a million unemployed Americans looking to get back on their feet.
Share Margaret's story: "In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." http://ofa.bo/j8l	Google "Obamacare saved my life". Hundreds of wonderful stories.
Seven out of ten Americans support raising the minimum wage. Add your voice: http://ofa.bo/g8K #RaiseTheWage	Shame on the 3 out of 10 Americans who don't think it's time to raise the minimum wage...
Climate change is real. Take a stand with President Obama and say "yes." http://ofa.bo/r8E	You say "yes" that climate change is real, but then support the Keystone XL pipeline?  Not sure I believe Mr. Obama at this point...
Share Eileen's story: This grandmother finally has an affordable health care plan. http://ofa.bo/e7e	My husband and I now have affordable health care.  THANK YOU, President O'Bama!
"The opponents of raising folks’ wages have deployed the same old arguments for years, and time and again, they’ve been proven wrong.Let’s prove them wrong again, and give America a raise.Let’s make opportunity easier to come by for every American who’s willing to work for it." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h7v	The people who have jobs need a raise an people who are looking might look harder for work if the pay was better  I say go for 10.10$
Health coverage will be yours on March 1st if you enroll now. http://ofa.bo/i7a	I hear you can subsidise your fee and it will be cheaper. Is that true?
Happy Valentine's Day, Michelle Obama.	I hear you can subsidise your fee and it will be cheaper. Is that true?
Time is running out. Get shopping: http://ofa.bo/q7K	Best news I've heard yet... "Time is running out"
Share Cherlene’s story: Laid off with no insurance, all her options were more than $600 a month. Now, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, she pays less than $100. http://ofa.bo/b7L	Yeah while some us who work are forced to pay a lot more with a horrible deductible...
LAST CHANCE: Sign up and you could meet President Obama: http://ofa.bo/a6n	Yeah because if you don't sign up robamacop will come and get you.
We're saving a space for you. Act now, and you could meet the President: http://ofa.bo/j5A	I am part of the final push for health care-and I will be automatically entered for the chance to fly into meet President  B Obama in Washington D C
Share this: Holly is a cancer survivor who can finally afford her health care: http://ofa.bo/j51	Share this: Holly is a cancer survivor who can finally afford her health care: http://ofa.bo/j51
This is what it feels like to meet the President. http://ofa.bo/j4w	Hillary is going to become President and USA is going to be the top of the world...
Share Eva's story: She's saving nearly $250 a month, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/f52	I'm saving $100 a month since  Jan 1st.
Want a chance to fly for free to D.C. and meet the President? Add your name today and say you'll lend a hand: http://ofa.bo/f58	a chance to meet Obama and Beyonce ?
This is your chance—help with the final health care push and be entered to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/s4c	I'll be part of the final push to health care and I support Obama care. 100%
Are you in? http://ofa.bo/j4E	Hallo Misster Obama ,I Leck you Vehrii machii ,end you Politik
"Opportunity is the idea at the heart of this country—that no matter who you are or how you started out, with hard work and responsibility, you can get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/s4V	The opportunity is only there for the rich. The more hard work and responsibility you have the better you are to serve to line someone else's pockets.
Something worth smiling about: Here's your chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/h4V	What I wouldn't give to meet my wonderful President
Share this: Amanda and Solomon are newlyweds who had been uninsured for years. Now they're covered.	How can I get insured. I've been uninsured for 20 years.
Get your best handshake ready: This is your chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/g41	Behind you Mr. President and it would be an honor to shake your hand..
Share Patti's story: She's saving money and has peace of mind. http://ofa.bo/c3k	Patty is saving money and now has peace of mind. Get over it haters. Stories like hers are plentiful.
"It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet." Read Lori's story: http://ofa.bo/j3f #RenewUI	you can't give the 1% all they need,and help the working man too,ask any gop they will agree.
The final push for health care enrollment is going to take all hands on deck.Get involved and get a chance at a pretty amazing thank-you—from President Obama himself. http://ofa.bo/c3W	I thought with this health care bill, my insurance will go down, but  nopp its going up by 24 %,,, very bad. disappointed.
Share this story: How one small business owner is saving big money with the Affordable Care Act, and what it means for his company. http://ofa.bo/e3p	I know this story is alive because I'm a small business owner and we're going to go bankrupt more than likely because of this
"Is it spring yet?" —Sunny	Is it Caturday yet? :P :D
Share: When Luis broke his arm in the second grade, he didn’t tell his parents because he was worried about the cost. Now, for just $114 a month, he doesn’t have to worry anymore. http://ofa.bo/s3a	Wait...a second grader didn't tell his parents he broke his arm because he was worried about a bill???
These OFA Fellows are making a difference in Tennessee. Join them: http://ofa.bo/b3s	Look at all these sad, pathetic Republicans.Reality is Obama is in it for another two years :) Deal with it.
Share John's story: He's saving $500 a month, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/r3O	Oh good job! You were able to find the one guy out of a million who's actually saving money.
Watch: For workers living on minimum wage, it's harder than it should be to raise a family in this country. President Obama is urging Congress to give America a raise: http://ofa.bo/g3U #RaiseTheWage	Why should anybody expect to be able to raise a family on minimum wage. Minimum wage is for entry level employees. Teenagers working their first jobs.
Game day.	Why should anybody expect to be able to raise a family on minimum wage. Minimum wage is for entry level employees. Teenagers working their first jobs.
Share Holly's story: “The relief of knowing I'm covered, regardless of my pre-existing condition, is priceless.” http://ofa.bo/r3J	How anyone can be against something that is already helping millions of people, (including my Son), is beyond me.Thank you President Obama!
"These ideas will strengthen the middle class and help more people work their way into the middle class ... Every single day, I’m going to fight for these priorities—to shift the odds back in favor of more working and middle-class Americans, and to keep America a place where you can always make it if you try." —President Obama in the weekly address. Watch more: http://ofa.bo/j32	the best thing that government can do for the working class is to stay out of the way.
For #ThrowbackThursday, read some of the very shocking reasons people used to be denied health care: http://ofa.bo/q2t	it very difficult to be president for everybody but with the help of GOD  - it is possible ........
Get ready to take action in 2014. Head over to the OFA Facebook page, and join today's Q&A with OFA Executive Director Jon Carson at 12:00 p.m. CT to talk about the State of Union.	We need a list of the proposals he made last night on the economy, in particular, to help us proceed.
The 2014 State of the Union address starts at 9:00 p.m. ET. Tune in: http://ofa.bo/d2V	Why did all media outlets post the start time as 7:00 pm Eastern?
Watch the State of the Union with friends, family and neighbors.RSVP for a watch party near you: http://ofa.bo/i2O	Who has a watch party to watch the state of the union adress? #LAME
It's that time. Tomorrow President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union.Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/h2M	It's a waste of time to watch it. Just pull out your DVR and look at the last 4 speeches, they are all the same.
Red carpet.	It's a waste of time to watch it. Just pull out your DVR and look at the last 4 speeches, they are all the same.
President Obama is preparing to deliver his fifth State of the Union address on Tuesday.OFA wants to know which issues you're most excited to hear him discuss: http://ofa.bo/j0c	Looking forward to hear what the President has to say.
"Here in the United States of America, every man and woman, every girl and boy, has the right to be safe and protected and to pursue their own piece of the American Dream." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address on taking action to end sexual violence: http://ofa.bo/p0Z	and you make  every man and woman, every girl and boy in other countries live in fear you are the President of terrorism
A group of Republican senators is keeping 1.6 million job-seeking Americans cut off from an economic lifeline. They need to renew unemployment insurance now: http://ofa.bo/h0s	jobs would be better.. if you and the rest of the democrats get out of the way there will be no need for unemployment insurance
Share Amy's story: "Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, I am no longer denied coverage based on my pre-existing condition." http://ofa.bo/s0W	You really GET IT if you've been denied coverage in the past!
You won't believe why people used to be denied health insurance: http://ofa.bo/t0A #ThrowbackThursday	With the government death panels involved I would be concerned as to why I'm being denied health CARE. Go away Obamacare.
Health insurance advice from Kal Penn: Get covered. Help your friends get covered. Don't make out with someone with mono. http://ofa.bo/e01	guys you're missing the real message here: don't make out with someone with mono.
Share this: The Affordable Care Act matters to Renee—a mother of three who was blindsided by cancer.	Just wondering, if they had gotten married before having the three children (the morally correct thing to do) then she could have been on his insurance before getting cancer
"An individual has not begun to live until he can rise above the narrow horizons of his particular individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity." —Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. #MLKDay	what if one wishes to "live" but is not given the opportunity to do focus on that broader concern of humanity?
Something new to "like": Organizing for Action's new Facebook page, just in time for OFA's one year anniversary.	Waiting for you to be Tried for Derelict of Duty.  Look it up.
"I firmly believe that this can be a breakthrough year for America. But to make that happen, we’re going to have to act." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sv	the only breakthrough this man  have is to actually do something right... failure...
Organizing for Action was founded a year ago today—and what a year it's been. Thanks to the OFA volunteers for making it a great one.	Get a job. Action standing in line for a Obama phone. Sick want to be Hitler!
Happy birthday to an incredible First Lady.	What an adorable picture... Love you guys!!!! Happy happy Birthday to a very beautiful First Lady!
Wish the First Lady the happiest of birthdays tomorrow. Sign her card: http://ofa.bo/ss	Happy birthday to the neatest of all first ladies
"I had multiple plans and companies to choose from, and the process took me just five minutes—plus it’ll save me $100 per month."This is why affordable health care matters to Patti: http://ofa.bo/by	Insurance and medical costs were way to expensive before ACA. Obama is working hard to correct this.  At least he is doing something about is.
An apple a day.	An apple a day: iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac...
Share this to help your friends see how much health insurance might cost on the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/tX	Does it estimate how much income you lose because your employer cuts your hours to avoid giving you insurance ?
More Americans are getting covered—and nearly 8 in 10 are qualifying for financial assistance. Find out more: http://ofa.bo/il	"8 out of 10 getting a hand out from government." No, 8 in 10 paying less for insurance.Because insurance.
Enjoy Valentine's Day next month with health insurance: http://ofa.bo/ik	Explain in detail, Barry, how one is to enjoy Valentine's Day with health insurance?  Please explain the connection. Moron!
Share Rosetta's health care story: http://ofa.bo/rg	35 Per month for health care of American people who are insured ... Obama care is a reasonable price for secure your health care reform ...
Need health insurance? Enroll by January 15th, and be covered on February 1st: http://ofa.bo/fg	Wouldnt buy anything on that failure of a healthcare program.You saw how much Obama cared about it and the American people by the roll out of it.
"Our success as a country depends on more than the success of our broader economy—it depends on the success of the American people. It depends on your ability to make ends meet, provide for your families, and, with a little hard work, feel like you can get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/fd	God speed Mr. President. I only hope that the nation would get behind you and that we pray for a blessing for this country
FACT: Six million Americans have gotten covered thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Have you? http://ofa.bo/rY	Fact.six million have signed up. That don't mean that they have paid for it and are covered yet
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: http://ofa.bo/qS	Fact.six million have signed up. That don't mean that they have paid for it and are covered yet
Affordable health care is here—that's a win: http://ofa.bo/aU	Universal health care would be better...
Tell Congress to do right by job seekers: http://ofa.bo/pS	do right to job seekers...CREATE JOBS
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, health care costs are growing at the lowest rate in 50 years: http://ofa.bo/iQ	"Health care costs are growing at the lowest rate in 50 years."  I am supposed to feel good about that after BHO promised is lower rates?
Share to send Congress a message: It's time to renew unemployment insurance. http://ofa.bo/rN	You want serious changes, revoke NAFTA, reinstate taffifs on imports, and give tax breaks to those companies looking to establish a domestic work force.
Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012. Tell Congress to renew job seekers' economic lifeline: http://ofa.bo/bX	6 months should be the max for unemployment benefits...there are jobs out there, we might need to put the migrant workers unemployed for a while
It's time to get covered: http://ofa.bo/cK	Can't you get Governors to allow Medicinal Marijuana Law. Here Governor Fallon still uses it to break into houses!
Today is a great day to get covered. http://ofa.bo/iL	Today is a great day to get covered. OR YOU PAY FINE!!!
Be covered on February 1st: http://ofa.bo/fN	Make sure the Republitards are covered on Feb 1... in gasoline with a lit match nearby
"Instead of punishing families who can least afford it, Republicans should make it their New Year’s resolution to do the right thing, and restore this vital economic security for their constituents right now." —President ObamaWatch the President discuss why we need to extend unemployment insurance in the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/rJ	Sir, you gave Congress their chance on several occasions.Since they refuse to act to help the American people,you should take Executive action to the job that Congress purposely won't do.
Don't be upset—you can still be covered on February 1st. http://ofa.bo/gS	are they not supposed to be covered by JAN.1? you lyin POS!!!! IMPEACH OBAMA!!!!
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in $5 to OFA and be automatically entered for a free trip to Washington D.C. http://ofa.bo/dD	I'll like to be there too,but the distance is much, very soon USA would keep expecting me,happy new year in advance to you all in USA.
To keeping progress going in 2014: http://ofa.bo/i5	Well .... Not sure bout the progress  part, but agree on the keep going.
OFA has big plans for next year, but one thing will never change: We're a grassroots organization built one donation at a time.Let's end this year strong: http://ofa.bo/p6	I don't think he has any big plans for Africa in 2015
Show your support for progress and become an OFA 2013 founding member: http://OFA.BO/t5	I'm so proud to be OFA founding member and part of movement for change
Peace on Earth.	Presidente: Peace on Earth.  Feliz Navidad!!!
The sincerest form of flattery.	The sincerest form of flattery that the First Dog truly deserves.
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: Before Obamacare, it was possible to reach a lifetime limit on health care spending—a lot sooner than you think. http://OFA.BO/FYkAUB	"If you like your plan you can keep it and you don’t have to change a thing due to the health care law."    http://m.whitehouse.gov/healthreform/healthcare-overview
Here's how to be covered on January 1st: http://OFA.BO/F5yp8t	with all the issues on the site you need to extend that deadline for at least 90 days.
This country needs more leaders on immigration. Tell these representatives to step up: http://OFA.BO/t5vzTN #ActOnReform	This country needs more leaders on immigration. Tell these representatives to step up: http://OFA.BO/t5vzTN #ActOnReform
Enroll by December 23rd and have a very happy New Year. http://OFA.BO/SqSgCF	Milly Del Pino Enroll by December 23rd and have a very happy New Year. Do it!!! (if you can...since the website never works -_- )
When you spend time with those you love this holiday season, make sure they know that a happy new year starts with health insurance: http://OFA.BO/dVg2af	I will say a happy new year start with knowing the only true God!
Getting covered is at your fingertips: http://OFA.BO/UpHXQB	Why is there all Muslims on your page?????? Lol cause your one of them!!!
Wanted: Leaders on immigration reform.Which one of these six representatives will be that leader? http://OFA.BO/3Jyzse #ActOnReform	None of them are "Leaders" on immigration reforms!!! A candidate will be a person whom really understand the issues that immigrants (Millions) are going through.
"Madiba’s passing is rightly a time of mourning, and a time to celebrate a heroic life."Watch President Obama speak at the memorial service for Nelson Mandela: http://OFA.BO/J4W77c	Look at O, a black among blacks, it must be a great moment for him. He is in the majority!
Santa's helpers.	Look at O, a black among blacks, it must be a great moment for him. He is in the majority!
To be covered on the first day of the new year, follow these simple steps: http://OFA.BO/3Fa82A	Barack ObamaTo be covered on the first day of the new year, follow these simple steps: http://OFA.BO/3Fa82ATHANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORTLOVEMOSES M.BILITYCOOL JAY ONENEW YORK/NEW JERSEY
When Isaac was just one year old, he was dropped from his health insurance because he had hit his lifetime limit. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, that can't happen anymore.Read Isaac's story: http://OFA.BO/dKArQU	When I worked for Coventry, this happened all the time with cancer patients. The employers had lifetime limits on the plan that they blew through in less than a year.
"Extending unemployment insurance isn’t just the right thing to do for our families—it’s the smart thing to do for our economy. And it shouldn’t be a partisan issue." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7Ty2v5	Obama is a good one, the congress is the ones who needs to go,  they do not do their jobs for the people , just do for big CEO..
"Let us pause and give thanks for the fact that Nelson Mandela lived—a man who took history in his hands and bent the arc of the moral universe toward justice." —President Obama	He gave us the ability to believe in the possibility and actuality of you Mr. President!
Need health insurance? Check out your options on the new marketplace, and buy by December 23rd to be covered on January 1st. Find out more: http://OFA.BO/h1A1ic	Check out your options on the new marketplace, and buy by December 23rd to be covered on January 1st.
If you want to keep fighting for the agenda Americans voted for last November, apply to be an OFA Spring Fellow today: http://OFA.BO/TyKasU	We voted for Congress too to keep your dumbass agenda in check
"You’ve got to tell your friends, you’ve got to tell your family. Tell your coworkers. Tell your neighbors. Let’s help our fellow Americans get covered. Let’s give every American a fighting chance." —President Obama on the Affordable Care Act	send me a green card i just want to go out of my country :3
These representatives serve districts that want leaders on immigration reform. Organizing for Action is going to make sure they know that. Add your name to tell them it's time for action: http://OFA.BO/nyuXuW #ActOnReform	Its Time for a reform!!!Help all those immigrants families that are being separated!!We trust in you guys that you will choose correctly!!
With a simple gesture 58 years ago today, Rosa Parks helped change America.	Crazy to think it was only 58 years ago
There are still plenty of opportunities to talk to your loved ones about health insurance during the Festival of Lights. Here's how you can #GetTalking: http://OFA.BO/jLryyY	Talk about socalism and how you will get used to it...
When the whole family gets together for the holidays, make sure a talk about health insurance is on the menu. http://OFA.BO/Rg96S3	Lol health care will be the last of discussions at my thanksgiving table.But it will be the reason my kids won't get much for Christmas.
Tell these five representatives: We need a leader on immigration in the House: http://OFA.BO/Jngdf7 #ActOnReform	Oh please.   We need a leader on immigration in the white house.
"During National Family Week, we celebrate the spirit that moves family members to care for one another, to grow and dream together, and to instill in their children the character that keeps our nation strong." —President Obama	Happy Happy Thanksgiving to you Mr. President and to your beloved family...much gratitude and appreciation for all that you are and all that you do <3
"After decades in which the middle class was working harder and harder just to keep up, and a punishing recession that made it worse, we made the tough choices required not just to recover from crisis, but to rebuild on a new foundation for stronger, more durable economic growth." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7XM3Ve	They have been giving you a hard time, but keep up the good work and in the end you will win.
Before Obamacare, this 17-year-old's insurance was canceled after she was diagnosed with celiac disease. http://OFA.BO/B1fCer #ThrowbackThursday	How is that even legal ... To be dropped after being diagnosed with a disease?  Crook bastards!
These five House members have the opportunity to lead on immigration reform. Tell them it's time: http://OFA.BO/ihWVXk #ActOnReform	Bubonic Hussein has an opportunity to lead by example on illegal immigration reform....by going back to Kenya
Share this: Health care shouldn't be a privilege for just a fortunate few—it should be a right for everyone. #Obamacare	no, it shouldn't be a privilege for anyone !everybody must have heath care coverage !it's a shame...GOBAMA !
President Obama wants to cut through the noise and talk with you directly about where we're headed in the fight for change.Get on the phone with the President tonight: http://OFA.BO/MqvYUe	Ian? Are you in the phone to Al here?
Find out how to have the talk about health insurance with friends and family this holiday season: http://OFA.BO/DAwrZT #GetTalking	Can't we have a break from talking about health care on the holiday?
"More good jobs. Cheaper and cleaner sources of energy. A secure energy future. Thanks to the grit and resilience of American businesses and the American people, that’s where we’re heading." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/EA9o6f	I'm so proud of you! You've had a load to tow but you're doing it with dignity and grace.Praying for you, your family, the government officials and this nation.
Family.	I'm so proud of you! You've had a load to tow but you're doing it with dignity and grace.Praying for you, your family, the government officials and this nation.
This holiday season, talk to your loved ones about health insurance: http://OFA.BO/CbXFLX	Wonderful holiday to you and you family
Spread the word to your friends and family—there are a lot of ways to #GetCovered this holiday season: http://OFA.BO/FFbgaf #GetTalking	Spread the word, you need to get to Gettysburg next week!  It's too important of a commemoration for you to not go!
Share to show your support for women's access to quality, affordable health care.	Now, what about male's access to quality, affordable health care.
Daily briefing.	Now, what about male's access to quality, affordable health care.
Today we honor every service member who has ever worn one of our nation's uniforms. Happy Veterans Day.	They're fellow service members who sacrificed like the rest of us. That's all that matters!
Tomorrow is Veterans Day—be sure to thank those who have served this great nation.	Tomorrow is Veterans Day—be sure to thank those who have served this great nation.
If you care about the success of Obamacare, join the team: http://OFA.BO/TGF6pu	>Care about the success of ObamacareYou funny, you really funny. That implies it could succeed at all.
"One party in one house of Congress should not stand in the way of millions of Americans who want to go to work each day and simply be judged by the job they do ... I urge the House Republican leadership to bring this bill to the floor for a vote and send it to my desk so I can sign it into law." —President Obama on the Senate passing the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). Tell them you agree: http://OFA.BO/aRa13U	ENDA is DOA in the House, Boehner doesn't like it so he won't let come to the House floor for an up or down vote.
One year ago.Share if you are still committed to the agenda Americans voted for last November.	I still say I voted for the best person, but I no longer agree with Obama's agenda.  I want America's agenda back.
"Thank you for bringing it back home." —President Obama congratulates the Chicago Blackhawks on winning the Stanley Cup	hate to point it out to you, but the "home" of the Stanley Cup is CANADA,,,,we just loan it to the winning hockey team in friendly sportsmanship,,,but WE OWN IT!!!
It's time to work together to help people get covered. Join Team Obamacare: http://OFA.BO/8Ap72t	They need to work together to IMPEACH YOU HUSSEIN OBAMA!!!
"We wish all those celebrating this weekend a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak." —President Obama	Oh bill so nice to see the teapublicans are awake. And unable to think for there self go watch fox and have a great day
Happy Book Lover's Day. What are you reading?	Really? a book you wrote? you are shameless lol, Where the wild things are now thats one you need to read....Esp in dealing with the house...
How many people have holiday dinners like this? http://OFA.BO/CpvtVC #GetTalking	Not many especially the US veterans and many other hard workers. Thats why they all deserve their families rather than just a thank you.
Don't let people scare you out of getting affordable health insurance. #GetCovered	Some people want to trick you into GETTING the affordable care act -dont let them ruin your life and america-
Happy Halloween!	Some people want to trick you into GETTING the affordable care act -dont let them ruin your life and america-
Today President Obama speaks at Faneuil Hall about the success of the Massachusetts health care plan—a blueprint for Obamacare.Tune in at 3:55 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/TzgdKS	Today President Obama speaks at Faneuil Hall about the success of the Massachusetts health care plan, yay
"Today, we remember our fellow Americans who lost their lives to that storm, and we comfort the families who grieve them still." —President Obama on the anniversary of Hurricane Sandy #O29	YA ALLAH , save those who believe in their final days, put them in heaven paradise... amiin allahumma aamiin
Don't let your lawmaker be that guy. http://OFA.BO/djkQt7	Dont let your lawmaker be a black guy.
Climate change is real and it's affecting Americans right now.Add your voice and tell Congress to take action: http://OFA.BO/H6SZ2F #ThisIsReal	Stop "worrying" and take action!!If you continue to delay (part of your plan??) then you won't be "responsible" for the damage that continues?
"I’ll never stop fighting to help more hardworking Americans know the economic security of health care. That’s something we should all want." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address on Obamacare: http://OFA.BO/KmoXkJ #GetCovered	You idiot… Why don't you fight for the economic security of everyone having a job?!?!!!!
Last night the White House went pink for Breast Cancer Awareness Month.	Does it go red for the workdwide international Aids day on December 1st?
Hi there.	Does it go red for the workdwide international Aids day on December 1st?
The House of Representatives can join the long list of those that support immigration reform. #ActOnReform	How about the long list of those that want you to leave office?
Time to double down on immigration reform.Watch this bilingual video about OFA's efforts to get the House of Representatives to take action: http://OFA.BO/MC8GnL #ActOnReform	Not to help the economyIt's only going to lower our wagesAnd put more money in the CEOs pockets
President Obama recorded a personal message for OFA supporters about the launch of the new health insurance marketplace, and the role you can play in helping Obamacare succeed. Watch it here: http://OFA.BO/zKnyzP	Barack ObamaPresident Obama recorded a personal message for OFA supporters about the launch of the new health insurance marketplace, and the role you can play in helping Obamacare succeed.
"We have a unique opportunity to fix our broken system in a way that upholds our traditions as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. We just need Congress to finish the job." —President ObamaTell the House of Representatives: #JustFixIt. http://OFA.BO/VPKiuZ	You mean destroy the country, I'd be set with just the system. The constitution you hate so much is what we stand for as a country
"Our goal has always been to declare that in this country the security of health care is not a privilege for a fortunate few. It's a right for all to enjoy." —President Obama #GetCovered	Seems to me I never saw healthcare in the Constitution or the Bill of Rights.  Also if it is a right why do we have to pay for it.
Have a great weekend.	You have a great weekend
"We come from different parties, but we’re Americans first. And our obligations to you must compel all of us, Democrats and Republicans, to cooperate, and compromise, and act in the best interests of this country we love." —President ObamaWatch this week's address: http://OFA.BO/vio992	If it were really about the best interests of ALL Americans, you would take the healthcare plan back to the drawing board.
Members of the First Family meet Malala Yousafzai. "On every continent, there are girls who will go on to change the world in ways we can only imagine, if only we allow them the freedom to dream.” — President Obama	Let the Dream30 come home so they to can make a change
Americans have worked too hard to recover from one crisis to be forced into another one by Tea Party Republicans. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/NNpKgX	#please help others Americans and end this now. Why are we making it so hard for the Country we "love"?
Tell Congress: Do your job. End the government shutdown, end the threat of an economic shutdown. #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/h6Z1uQ	Fire everyone that is part of the congress and senate. Worthless assh**es. All about their own money.
If Congress doesn't raise the debt ceiling, America could face an economic shutdown.Tell the Tea Party Republicans to #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/uQJNPy	Not only America but the whole world will face an economic shutdown.
The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown is jeopardizing veterans' benefits. Say #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/Fyv15E	Why are we psying taxes.... the government is shutdown
"It's ridiculous." Here's what ordinary people think about Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown.Watch: http://OFA.BO/dZHdrQ #EnoughAlready	"It's ridiculous." Here's what ordinary people think about BARAK OBAMA: EPIC FAILURE.
"Let’s pass a budget, put people back to work, and end this Republican shutdown. Let’s pay our bills, and prevent an economic shutdown. Then let’s get back to the work of the American people." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/9M3oH5	...and help us get the Tea Party Republicans like Mitch McConnell out of the way of the citizens and KY.
The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown is damaging the small businesses at the heart of the American economy. Say you've had #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/tPiBC6	"When the people fear their government, there is tyranny.  When the government fears the people, there is liberty."Thomas Jefferson
Share this: The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown means most of our food isn't being inspected anymore.	this is total bs. This isn't just a one party shutdown this is on all parts of our government and mainly yours as you are the leader of our country!!!!
Share this: For more than 800,000 workers, the Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown means going without pay. #EnoughAlready	This affects more than just government employees.All of the businesses that support the federal government.This is about REAL people.
Speaker Boehner says there aren't enough votes in the House of Representatives to reopen the government. Here's what those keeping count say: http://OFA.BO/WsBAn4 #JustVote	With the 21 republicans who said they will vote all they need is them and 98% of the Dems in the house. . . The votes are there !
"Irresponsible." "Reckless." "Dangerous." Watch OFA's new ad, and tell Speaker Boehner to end this #TeaPartyShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/dJ5yFP	Try hard to find a good ending to this great loss! Both of you
Day four of the #TeaPartyShutdown and Speaker Boehner still hasn't offered any real solutions. Meanwhile, Yosemite National Park was closed on its birthday.	Soon, if the Democrats maintain control and have it their way, this country will be #bankrupt just like the #democrat run city of #Detroit.
"You and I" #21Years http://instagram.com/p/fBoPAWmuZZ/	Happy Anniversary, Mr and Mrs. Obama!
A group of Tea Party extremists in the House of Representatives shut down the government in a failed attempt to derail Obamacare. Tell the Speaker of the House to stand up to them and end the #BoehnerShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/6PeapG	Mr. Speaker of the House to stand up to them and end the #BoehnerShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/6PeapG. OBAMACARE IS WHERE WE ALL STAND ON.
Spread the word—Obamacare is here. http://OFA.BO/CG9qV8 #GetCovered	Wtf is up with the glasses...
Obamacare is here and the new health insurance marketplace is open for business. Join the team that's going to help make sure the law is a success: http://OFA.BO/YmsThE	Finally the USA finds a way to offer affordable healthcare to the masses!  Thanks to all those, on both sides of the aisle, that made it happen.
This is your movement. Chip in $5 today to support the agenda Americans voted for last November: http://OFA.BO/peFnN4	Why does it take more of our money to have the action that "Americans voted" for to happen?
"The American people have worked too hard to recover from crisis to see extremists in their Congress cause another one." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/Q69vRZ	Obama is the crisis Just look around and see what he has done and is doing to the hard working people of this country
The other side may have deep pockets, but OFA is a movement of millions of people—just like you. Put your name on the donor wall and show where you stand. http://OFA.BO/XqADMN	Yeshua is on HIS WAY....so I don't need to OWN part of HELL.....I have HEAVEN in  my vision.
"Congress needs to pass a budget on time. Congress needs to put an end to governing from crisis to crisis." —President Obama #EnoughAlready	No the government needs to STOP
Fridge, filing cabinet, car, dishwasher.All great places for your new OFA magnet, free with a donation today: http://OFA.BO/Zy8tRe	free with a donation today...how is that free again? i need my 10 bucks for war taxes.
Americans are standing up and telling Congress #EnoughAlready. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/P4JyZn	You and all your foolish, greedy friends are all the same: all talk.Shut your mouth and work, lazy
When you miss school to see the President, the President makes sure you have a note to explain.	can you write me a note to get out of PE
Here is what a group of Republicans want: Shut down the government or defund #Obamacare. Neither is an acceptable option.Tell them #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/nJgUxD	Why is there a need for the Cleveland Clinic to lay off thousands of workers? Clinic said it is due to Obamacare, this does not sound good.
Share if you #StandWithWomen and support equal pay.	Can we support equal pay for all genders?
A government shutdown could undermine our recovering economy—all in the name of politics. Watch OFA's new ad and say #EnoughAlready. http://OFA.BO/xrcxyn	A government shutdown because the GOP aren't getting what they demand is an act of homeland terrorism. They are saying, do as we say or else.
Share if you're ready to stand with President Obama and #ActOnClimate.	We don't want to go to war with Syria!
"Today, we can honor those we lost by building a nation worthy of their memories." —President Obama on Patriot Day	So, when are we going to get busy building a nation worthy of their memory.
This evening President Obama will address the nation regarding the ongoing situation in Syria. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/Xvs89w	Seems clear to me no one keeps up with the news anymore... especially in regards to the US-Syria situation
#Obamacare is helping kids and their families gain access to quality, affordable care. Show your support: http://OFA.BO/hLa2gX	Yes helping kids and their families in America and killing Arab kids .
Watch President Obama's address on the ongoing debate in Congress on Syria: http://OFA.BO/mfC58x	Does he plan on violating the Constitution yet again?
It's 2013, and millions of LGBT Americans still lack basic protection from discrimination under the law. Let's fix that. http://OFA.BO/4oMVw2 #ENDA	Need to fix other problems 1st...like treatment of the Native people & I agree stay out of Syria
"I want to wish you and your families a sweet and happy new year. Shanah Tova." —President Obama to all those celebrating #RoshHashanah tonight	I wish all the best for you , your family and staff .And all those involved in this blessed day .
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to hear President Clinton's take on #Obamacare. http://OFA.BO/xaHXMY	Tune in to what station/channel????
Show your support for women's access to affordable health care: http://OFA.BO/C4v16i	But a Politician can make a difference in creating affordable health care to the people. For the people. For the Women.
This #LaborDay, stand with the working men and women of America—add your name in support of raising the minimum wage. http://OFA.BO/AEDmgK	Why not support the end of the constitution and the TPP while we are at at.
"That’s the lesson of our past. That's the promise of tomorrow—that in the face of impossible odds, people who love their country can change it." —President Obama #MLKDream50	people who love their country can change it
Fifty years ago, Americans gathered in Washington and Dr. King shared a dream for a nation. Today at 2:45 p.m. ET, President Obama speaks from the Lincoln Memorial, honoring our nation's progress and continued march to greater opportunity.Watch live and chat with other viewers: http://OFA.BO/nYtfnY #MLKDream50	I too have a dream and my dream is for peace all over the world including in america and Syria.
Back to school.	Back to Planned Parenthood Sex-Ed http://youtu.be/j7XR9yH2ETk
Happy National Dog Day.	Back to Planned Parenthood Sex-Ed http://youtu.be/j7XR9yH2ETk
Celebrating 93 years of women's right to vote: #WomensEqualityDay	93 years of womens right to stay in the kitchen!
"Higher education shouldn’t be a luxury, or a roll of the dice. It’s an economic imperative that every family in America should be able to afford." —President ObamaWatch the President discuss his plan to #MakeCollegeAffordable: http://OFA.BO/j8wLt9	and the price should be a certain percent of the salary of the job you r trying to get.
Keeper.	and the price should be a certain percent of the salary of the job you r trying to get.
Keith is making a difference in his community. Join him—sign up to volunteer with OFA: http://OFA.BO/dwLfga	“The Great One”, Obama, messes up his introduction to a crowd at State University of New York at Buffalo, today, 8/22.http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2013/08/22/obama-mixes-up-buffalos-mayor-congressman-crowd-shouts-to-correct-him/By the way..this is Mayor, Byron Brown…https://www.google.com/#fp=6f089ce693109f0d&q=mayor+byron+brown
The majority of Americans support common-sense gun violence prevention measures. #WhatWillItTake for Congress to act?	=||  The majority of Americans support common-sense gun violence prevention measures ||I am part of that majority.Dear congress critter:   take note, I am from Oklahoma.
Keep the pressure on Congress—make sure they don't let gun violence prevention fall by the wayside. Find an event near you this week, and make sure your voice is heard: http://OFA.BO/s6eDpp#WhatWillItTake	turn on your TV and you will see the guns in the face of innocent people in Egypt by your supporting to Muslim brotherhood terrorist ..
This year, Congress had the chance to pass common-sense legislation that 9 out of 10 Americans said they wanted—but they failed to act.#WhatWillItTake to make gun violence prevention a priority?	"Congress had the chance to pass common-sense legislation that 9 out of 10 Americans said they wanted", they? congress or 9 0ut of 10 Americans?
Meet the newest member of the Obama family: Sunny.	black just like the rest of the family
"Your health insurance isn’t something to play politics with. Our economy isn’t something to play politics with. This isn’t a game. This is about the economic security of millions of families." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/oKxfuN #Obamacare	If health insurance and economics are something to not play politics with the get it out of politicians hands.
Out for a stroll.	Out for a stroll? You mean walking into a house.
If you work 40 hours per week with the current federal minimum wage, your annual income is still below the poverty line.Join President Obama in calling on Congress to raise the minimum wage for millions of Americans: http://OFA.BO/a8rd8E	Yea, raising the cost of everything to support the increase in minimum wage will fix it.
"We have to all shoulder the responsibility for keeping the planet habitable, or we're going to suffer the consequences—together." —President ObamaTell Congress we can't wait any longer to act on #climate change: http://OFA.BO/LYpTJk	True Mr.President.Climate change is real.We are also petitioning our government to do something.It could be too late by the time we decide to do something.I support you fully.
Happy #LeftHandersDay.	True Mr.President.Climate change is real.We are also petitioning our government to do something.It could be too late by the time we decide to do something.I support you fully.
Climate change is happening and it's time to act. #ScienceSaysSo	Now if we can just get the Republicans to admit there is climate change taking place.
"The plan I have put forward to reduce carbon pollution and protect our country from the effects of climate change is the path we need to take. And if we remember what’s at stake—the world we leave to our children—I’m convinced that this is a challenge that we will meet." —President Obama	We must not be concern about the world we leave to our children but rather the children we leave to this world.
Preseason.	We must not be concern about the world we leave to our children but rather the children we leave to this world.
"If we work together, we can make a home a source of pride and middle-class security again." —President ObamaWatch the President speak about #ABetterBargain for homeowners in this week's address. http://OFA.BO/MeFbxN	Sad thing Obama is some people don't want to even work let alone work together! Even if its for the betterment of the future or their children future!
How do you do?	How do you do Mr. President
In the groove.	in the GROVE STREET NIGGA XD
Congress is home for the month—you have their ear. Let them know about the issues that matter most.Get involved in #ActionAugust: http://OFA.BO/5CAkEu	Dissolve the current government, and give the people back their power. How's that for a suggestion you glorified puppet?
"We’ll make owning a home a symbol of responsibility, not speculation—a source of security for generations to come, just like it was for my grandparents. I want it to be just like that for all the young people who are here today and their children and their grandchildren." —President Obama #ABetterBargain	Without proper wealth a home is just a liability, and most of the people who want homes don't realize that stop peddling BS to poor people.
Tonight.	Without proper wealth a home is just a liability, and most of the people who want homes don't realize that stop peddling BS to poor people.
Today President Obama is in Phoenix, Arizona, to lay out his plan to help homeowners and strengthen the housing market. You don't want to miss this: http://OFA.BO/mW9szb #ABetterBargain	and a rifle(s) to keep in it...
OFA volunteers young and old were out in force today to talk to their communities about comprehensive immigration reform. Get involved in Action August today—say you'll #StandWithOurFuture.	I have a great immigration idea- send all the useless white Americans back to Europe and keep the productive, hard working, no entitlement immigrants here and make them citizens.
Today OFA volunteers are calling on their representatives in Congress to #StandWithOurFuture and bring comprehensive immigration reform to the House.Be a part of this: http://OFA.BO/tyNMPe	It's time to reform a lot of things, starting with the president. 
For President Obama's birthday, OFA organizers and volunteers across the country got together to talk to their communities about Obamacare... and eat cake.	Happy birthday Mr.President Hope you'll have more strength and will to get on with your hard work
#44 is 52. Here's your last chance to sign OFA's official birthday card to President Obama: http://OFA.BO/MT8uZr	The Egyptians wish you the worse birthday ever for your support to terrorist. What goes around comes around ...
Happy 52nd Birthday, President Obama.	Happy 52nd Birthday, President Obama.
Tomorrow is President Obama's 52nd birthday. Make him smile—sign OFA's official card: http://OFA.BO/mi2Sq6	Tomorrow is President Obama's 52nd birthday. Make him smile—sign OFA's official card: http://OFA.BO/mi2Sq6... PICK ME UP LETSSSS PARTYYYYY@@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..!
Forty meaningless attempts by the House of Representatives to repeal Obamacare won't affect you one way or the other—but here are 40 things that may make your life better: http://OFA.BO/r3FPZS	People can try and oppose change, and those that want to stand against the majority, go for it, we will prevail when it is all said and done
#BoBackThursday	People can try and oppose change, and those that want to stand against the majority, go for it, we will prevail when it is all said and done
This month, OFA volunteers will take part in a nationwide effort to demand action on key issues while Congress is home on recess. Make a difference during #ActionAugust: http://OFA.BO/3dycdA	There has not been a change in the climate for 15 years you just want to screw the people more by driving up energy costs.
It's a deal.	it's a deal, we're getting a landscape artist!
Today, President Obama will highlight the need for strong middle-class jobs in order to support our economy. Listen to the President speak from Tennessee about #ABetterBargain at 2:00 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/dajwCV	A strong economy needs strong middle class jobs which allow the average middle class to move up in life. Or at least secure a better financial future for their children.
Just a taste.	Why just a taste; when ù can get a plate! :)
"What you do day to day away from the TV cameras, that's what is going to make a powerful difference." —President Obama, speaking to Organizing for Action volunteers Get involved in Action August and make your voice heard in Washington: http://OFA.BO/zwYnJz	Yeah, it's hard to get away with as much illegal stuff in front of the camera.
Crowd pleaser.	Yeah, it's hard to get away with as much illegal stuff in front of the camera.
"Repealing Obamacare, gutting critical investments in our future, threatening to default on the bills this country has already racked up, or shutting down the government ... None of that will take this country where it needs to go."Watch what the President has to say about his priorities for the remainder of his presidency in this week's address: http://OFA.BO/6cfu7V	I wish he would look into the closing of Long Island College Hospital..we need this hospital...thousands of people rely on this hospital.!!!!!
The President's priority for the next 1,265 days? Build #ABetterBargain for America's middle class. Watch the new OFA ad to learn more: http://OFA.BO/anQeEL	An immigration reform for 11 millions will help the middle class to get in a better place....
"We've got to set our eyes on the horizon." —President Obama	We've got to set our eyes on the sky!
Today, President Obama laid out his priority for his final 1,276 days in office: building #ABetterBargain for the middle class. Find out more: http://OFA.BO/uv8LKA	The plans has been laid for the youths and now its up to all of them to chase the dream and capture it.
During the August congressional recess, make sure your members of Congress know where you stand on the issues that matter most.It's easy to get involved in #ActionAugust. Find out how: http://OFA.BO/zNBF7Q	Hard for a lot of you who knows what's really on but you just can't seem to get past the color. Come on admit it stop lying.
The cornerstones of what it means to be middle class? Job security, education opportunities, access to affordable health care and the ability to save for retirement. Tomorrow, President Obama will speak about why the middle class is the heartbeat of the American economy. Don't miss this speech: http://OFA.BO/t3wFp4	The middle class is the heartbeat of America because we're willing to do all the hard work and accept little pay and even less appreciation.
Good morning.	The middle class is the heartbeat of America because we're willing to do all the hard work and accept little pay and even less appreciation.
It's National Ice Cream Day. What's your flavor?	Sweet Chocolate...just like my President!
"Each successive generation seems to be making progress in changing attitudes when it comes to race. It doesn’t mean we’re in a post-racial society. It doesn’t mean that racism is eliminated. But when I talk to Malia and Sasha, and I listen to their friends and I see them interact, they’re better than we are on these issues. And that’s true in every community that I’ve visited all across the country." —President Obama	Things are better however, we still have a way to go, I know this first hand
If your representative in the House wants to reduce the deficit, they should take action on immigration reform today. Add your voice: http://OFA.BO/6TJJEc #TakeItToTheHouse	He's a damn traitor to the United States.I don't support this immigration reform(amnesty) program the way they want to implement it either!
Gina McCarthy's confirmation today as head of the Environmental Protection Agency is an important step forward. We need common-sense policies now to protect our planet and our future. Add your voice and say you'll #ActOnClimate: http://OFA.BO/sGMKvz	This is true, when we have no control over the problem, change the present and become the vision of a future we can create in time.
"May Nelson Mandela’s life of service to others and his unwavering commitment to equality, reconciliation and human dignity continue to be a beacon for each future generation seeking a more just and prosperous world." —President Obama, recognizing #MandelaDay	Really he is just like an embassedor or peace for all over the world..i respect him very much
The time is now for comprehensive immigration reform to help our economic recovery and strengthen Social Security. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/SRf3Mi #TakeItToTheHouse	Finally, something to 'help' our economic recovery? LOL
On this day 44 years ago, #Apollo11 launched into space, embarking on a mission to make America the first to explore the moon. Share to honor one giant leap for mankind.	it is a national shame that, 44 years later, this nation has lost it's capability to even put man in low earth orbit let alone return to the moon
"The House needs to act so I can sign commonsense immigration reform into law. And if you agree, tell your Representatives that now is the time." —President ObamaWatch his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/1P3gY8	Mr. President the  issue immigration in USA is a little story of the nation and for this u need to sign because in this way you can sign the future.
Pals.	Mr. President the  issue immigration in USA is a little story of the nation and for this u need to sign because in this way you can sign the future.
Did it?	Mr. President the  issue immigration in USA is a little story of the nation and for this u need to sign because in this way you can sign the future.
Getting the scoop.	Corrupting the minds of the American youth.
It's time for the House to step up and pass comprehensive immigration reform. Tell your representatives to #TakeItToTheHouse: http://OFA.BO/Aiab7K	So let's just say its time for the house to step up ... period. This is the WORST CONGRESS EVER.
It's time to take the next step towards comprehensive immigration reform. Tell your representatives to #TakeItToTheHouse: http://OFA.BO/3SN1ZQ	Also time to take the next steps toward impeachment.
Will you do your part to #ActOnClimate and shape our planet's future? http://OFA.BO/dmejHE	Shape your future and let us shape ours. The Egyptians are a people who can shape our future without your help.
We can't afford to wait for Congress to take action against climate change. That's why President Obama is taking the initiative to leave a cleaner, safer planet for our children.Join him today: http://OFA.BO/ZoJBnr #ActOnClimate	I hope you consider leaving a safer and cleaner planet for all the children around the world, stop supporting terrorists in Syria and Egypt
Comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform will improve our national security and speed up our economic recovery. Be a part of this fight: http://OFA.BO/2SfBeL #AmericanStory	Improve your national security and speed up our economic recovery ?
Immigration is part of the #AmericanStory. This holiday weekend, add your voice to the fight for comprehensive reform: http://OFA.BO/RFFW68	Terrorism does not moved to us your support of the Muslim Brotherhood
Happy Fourth, everybody.	Terrorism does not moved to us your support of the Muslim Brotherhood
The #AmericanStory has long been written by immigrants.On July 4, 1776...Up until that moment, none of them were American.Even those who had spent their entire lives in one of the thirteen colonies had grown up in another country.” —Cecilia Muñoz, White House Domestic Policy Council	(Do I have to remind you that it was your generals who put Pinochet in the government in the first place?)
The time is now. Don't let the House fail to fix our broken immigration system. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/nHW7oe #AmericanStory	We need to fix our broken country first!! 
President Obama and his family stand inside a cell on Robben Island, where former South African President Nelson Mandela was held prisoner for 20 years.	He needs to stand inside the one where Michael Morton was held for  27 years in a Texas's prison when he was wrongfully convicted
Don't be shy. Just sign up now and you could be fist-bumping the President in no time: http://OFA.BO/kXin97	Just like a human being -- to not be able to be everywhere and everything to everyone at once!
Want to be a great friend? You'll get to bring along a guest to meet the President backstage this summer if you win—it's free to enter. http://OFA.BO/n28K1Z	I've met many idiots in my life why would I want to bring a friend to meet another I rather go to the dentist
Will you jump for joy if you win a trip—free airfare and hotel—to meet President Obama? Enter to win here: http://OFA.BO/BuQKfK	I won't. I'll jump for joy if the president renounces my citizenship and gives me a one way ticket to any country I want to live permanently.
Backstage is the place to be—especially when the President is there. Enter now to meet President Obama backstage this summer (free airfare included): http://OFA.BO/YfLW7p	ANYWHERE the President is, is the place to be! I love  you, Mr. President!
It's been a remarkable week for our country. You can help keep up the momentum: http://OFA.BO/yTWvEi #LoveIsLove	We have a lot of progress to be made for us to all feel free, Mr. Obama. But this is absolutely a huge step in the right direction!
President Obama wants to say 'howdy.' Enter now for a chance to meet him—free airfare and hotel included: http://OFA.BO/okbHWd	I want to meet him! Come to Italy and save us all!
This is huge: Today, a bipartisan super-majority in the Senate voted to pass immigration reform.Let's keep up the momentum heading to the House: http://OFA.BO/WgQ495 #AmericanStory	Republicans if ever want to see another president in the White House you better pass immigration reform :P
Sign up now for your chance to meet the President backstage—free airfare and hotel included: http://OFA.BO/5XjV12	Hallo Barrack,what about having the chance to meet you in Tanzania...
This could be you.You and a guest could be picked to fly out to meet President Obama. Enter for free: http://OFA.BO/pS9C2E	Canadians want to meet Pres.Obama as well.There must be another contest where Canadians are allowed to enter.
Today, President Obama laid out a bold vision for America to face the global challenge of climate change.Show your support today: http://OFA.BO/5FAavN #ActOnClimate	Andrew Crocker, I partly agree. But will global warming remain a joke for the children of today, or tomorrow? We can all do something.
President Obama promised to act to address climate change—and today he will.If you agree that America needs a strategy to meet this challenge, add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/yncZkj #ActOnClimate	I agree we need to do something but it's hard to support Obama while he continues to wage war on herb and it's users
Nice 'do.	I agree we need to do something but it's hard to support Obama while he continues to wage war on herb and it's users
At 1:35 p.m. ET on Tuesday, President Obama will announce his plan to meet the growing threat of #climate change: http://OFA.BO/V7QLB3	Will there be any word on his growing threat to the rights of the American people?
Shop at your local small business today to mark the close of National Small Business Week 2013. #SBW2013	I think we all should shop at the small business  every time
Help spread the word about how Obamacare is helping millions of Americans access affordable health care. Join Team Obamacare today and get a free bumper sticker: http://OFA.BO/myw7HM #ObamacareWorks	and raise the rates of millions that pay for health insurance,and so illegals can get free healthcare
Home sweet home.	thats a "heaven sweet heaven"
The CBO made it clear: Immigration reform is good for the economy, and shrinks the deficit—by nearly $1 trillion. Let's get it done.Show your support today: http://OFA.BO/dZpCQt #AmericanStory	i agree with you Mr president, reform is good and necessary for the USA and the USA needs all the immigrants here, lets get id done, i support.
Dog days of summer.	Not your typical "dog days of Summer" not for ordinary folks.
Happy Father's Day.	Not your typical "dog days of Summer" not for ordinary folks.
"If there’s one thing I’ve learned along the way, it’s that all our personal successes shine a little less brightly if we fail at family. That’s what matters most."Watch President Obama's weekly address celebrating Father's Day: http://OFA.BO/EKV7v9	your personal family has it made but we the people family you have failed miserably bring our men home every one of them
Share this to show your support for marriage equality this LGBT Pride Month.	I support you but I don't support same sex marriage .
Six months ago today, 26 families were torn apart by gun violence. Our representatives in Congress still have yet to take action to protect our children and our communities.Don't let a milestone like today pass without doing something. Pledge to make a call to Congress: http://OFA.BO/9JmSgC #NotBackingDown	It will be passed Barack just have to be patient in this cant wait for it to happen and our children can have no guns  
Tomorrow marks six months since Newtown, and Congress has yet to take action to reduce gun violence. Let them know that you are #NotBackingDown.	And every day all your have to do is turn on the news to hear about more and more gun violence. Way to go Congress.
A fair pathway to earned citizenship will keep families together and keep our communities strong. Don't miss your chance to show support for comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/uCvKe1	The time has come to keep our communities strong.(VOTE)
Need your opinion: Want to help tell the story of how the Affordable Care Act is improving the lives of millions of Americans? Help pick the official Team Obamacare bumper sticker.Vote here: http://OFA.BO/1rhiAF	Better help the German because of highwater!
Yesterday the Senate voted overwhelmingly to take the next step towards immigration reform. Let's get it done. Add your name today: http://OFA.BO/tQMWp5	I want to move to the USA because i want to join the U.S.Army. What is the fastest way to enlist when you are NOT an U.S.Citizen?
The time is now—show your support for immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/HZwa3F	I will show my full support if the immigration reform is inclusive of all people of African decent worldwide..
Youth outreach.	I will show my full support if the immigration reform is inclusive of all people of African decent worldwide..
Photo: President Obama signs the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in 2009, in his first month in office. Today, on the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, the President made it clear that our work on equal pay for women is not finished:"I want every child to grow up knowing that a woman’s hard work is valued and rewarded just as much as any man’s."	How about a Bill that American workers get equal pay to what the Congress and the Senate get ... especially since the people actually produce something when they work?
"The bill before the Senate isn’t perfect. It’s a compromise. Nobody will get everything they want—not Democrats, not Republicans, not me. But it is a bill that’s largely consistent with the principles I’ve repeatedly laid out for common-sense immigration reform." —President ObamaThe Senate will be debating comprehensive immigration reform next week. Watch the President's weekly address to find out exactly why this bipartisan bill must be passed: http://OFA.BO/D86cDg	Well done mr president. We need a immigration reform for all the people that are here n work hard.
Belly rub.	Well done mr president. We need a immigration reform for all the people that are here n work hard.
"What we want is to make sure that the voices of the people who put me here continue to be heard." —President ObamaOrganizing for Action represents these voices every day. Watch to learn more and get involved: http://OFA.BO/E2Yih4	and he'll use the IRS to make sure the voices of those that didn't put him there are NEVER heard. he's a tyrant.
Immigration has always been part of the American story. It's time to streamline our legal immigration system, and provide undocumented immigrants with a path to citizenship.Add your voice today, and let's get this done: http://OFA.BO/r49Jvn	Yes!!! Give citizenship to the people that come to this country and made the American dream by getting an education and working hard!!!!
Last weekend, 39 state chapters held Organizing for Action Founders' Summits. OFA members shared what motivates them to volunteer and discussed their next steps on issues ranging from immigration to climate change.  Are you fired up? Join us today: http://OFA.BO/5qrXoa	Do we call Will Smith and Martin Lawrence to get those prisoners out of Guantanamo Bay?
Happy LGBT Pride Month. Congratulations to these states on embracing equality in 2013. Let's keep up the momentum.	Now if the other states could catch on then we would have world wide equality
In 2012, Congress voted to keep student loan interest down. Unless they act now, rates will double on July 1. We can't let that happen. http://OFA.BO/dPjMZi	Congress does not want to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans but wants to raise the rates on student loans?!?!
Immigration has always been part of the American story, and reform will strengthen our economy and keep families together.The time is now. Join the fight: http://OFA.BO/vH9FP9	I think for the meantime, slow down all immigration and get our affairs in order.
Today we remember our fallen heroes.	Everyday we remember our fallen heroes.*
"Our military remains the most trusted institution in America.When others have shirked their responsibilities, our Armed Forces have met every mission we've given them.When others have been distracted by petty arguments, our men and women in uniform come together as one American team." —President Obama speaking to the United States Naval Academy class of 2013	Too bad he can't do that with our government. After all the military has given him an example to follow.
Nice to meet you, Mr. President.	Nice to meet you, Mr. President.
Tomorrow morning, OFA takes the March for Innovation baton. Start brainstorming great immigration reform questions for Executive Director Jon Carsonand share this poster to spread the word about his Twitter town hall.	Start brainstorming great immigration reform questions for Executive Director Jon Carson--and share this poster to spread the word about his Twitter town hall.
Join the March for Innovation this week, and let Congress know that now is the time for immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/tPQBaM	where is the "don't like" bottom? Facebook it is time for that bottom! :D
President Obama gets a literacy lesson while visiting a pre-K classroom at Moravia Elementary School in Baltimore.Share if you believe in the importance of early childhood education.	Send him to a leadership school where he can get a lesson in that.
Can I come in?	every body，i come from malaysia！pls help malaysia！pls！
Pakistani entrepreneur Faizan Buzdar wanted to bring big ideas to the U.S. and hire American workers for his tech startup. Our broken immigration system stood in his way. Check out the video of Faizan's American Story, and add your support to the March for Innovation: http://OFA.BO/ptdsKH	He should stay behind in Pakistan to developers his great idea and help his country of Birth.
"Every time I walk through these kinds of facilities I'm thinking, this is just magic. I don't know how they do it." - President Obama on a tour of Applied Materials yesterday in Austin, Texas.Like this if you love science, too.	Of course you would think its magic, no experience in any form of manufacturing facility or business for that matter.. No wonder he doesn't know how to create jobs..
Pick your favorite: Which brush-off from climate deniers do you think is the most embarrassing?No more games. Say you'll hold climate deniers in Congress accountable: http://OFA.BO/DRgqYc	my favorite is HAARP.   oh, sorry, that only adds to the climate deniers argument
Share this if you agree that now is the time for comprehensive immigration reform.	wait a min.So with less immigration we would see more food on our tables?probably not the best choice of words there...
OFA promised that the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention was far from over. Now we're proving it.	what a joke laws will never reduce gun violence and crime
Last chance: Sign this petition by midnight tonight demanding Congress act to expand background checks for gun sales  http://OFA.BO/po5WyD	Here comes the anti common sense republican posts by people who didn't read the gun control act legislation..nobody wants your guns, unless you fail background checks.
Add your name, and join more than 750,000 Americans standing together to demand expanded background checks for gun sales: http://OFA.BO/5B1LPjIt's time for Congress to act.	you want to reduce gun violence pay attention to your children be involved in there life instead of on the computer
Congress needs to hear from you. Sign this petition now saying you won't back down until they act to expand background checks for gun sales: http://OFA.BO/KfmYDMLet's get this done.	We MUST get background checks a law we cannot be defeated on such an important law.   For one time the Republicans need to listen to the majority of American will
Share if you agree: Immigration is a part of all of our stories.	Immigration is a part of our problem if you ask me.Your letting in terrorist in this country.They hate Americans.Wake UP!
Organizing for Action will deliver this petition to Congress next week demanding action on gun violence prevention. Make sure your name is on it: http://OFA.BO/s9x6FHTell Congress you won't back down until they act.	Even if they were successful people would still fibda a way to get guns just look at how the war on drugs is going
"I know Republicans are still sorting out what happened in 2012, but one thing they all agree on is they need to do a better job reaching out to minorities. And look, call me self-centered, but I can think of one minority they could start with."—President Obama, joking at the White House Correspondent's Association Dinner.Watch the full video of President Obama's speech last night: http://OFA.BO/obw4S5	you are the only president i think should have more that 2 terms.                      KEEP GOING OBAMA
TONIGHT: President Obama speaks at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner, hosted by Conan O'Brien. Watch live at 9:45 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/vHy1Yd	The President is on LIVE tonight, hosted by Conan O'Brien.  Open photo for info.
Have some fun this weekend.	Too much fun not enough work!
Tell the climate deniers in Congress: It's time to stop denying the overwhelming science on climate change. Add your name now: http://OFA.BO/2HwHq7	Yes, and the next step is to stop denying the overwhelming science on religion.
Organizing for Action volunteers got a chance to thank Senator McCain personally this weekend for his vote on background checks for gun sales.Like this to show your support for the senators who took a tough vote to do the right thing.	Thank you to the senators who voted for background checks. We will continue to work toward making gun ownership and use safer in the US.
In 1970, more than 20 million people participated in the first Earth Day. Today the lesson of the moment is as important as ever.	I was one of the participants of the very first Earth Day!
Today supporters around the country are showing their senators they're not done fighting for gun violence prevention. Add your name: http://OFA.BO/tXeeRr	The idiots from the gun lobby only want money, they are not interested in people that are killed by their weapons -.-
Share if you agree: The fight to prevent gun violence isn't over.	That bill wont solve gun violence any way..How bout we focus on North Korea now.
Can you pick up the phone right now and call your senators? Today is the day to make our voices heard on gun violence. http://OFA.BO/rARViF	Its high time the government listens to the voice of the people,we made you who you are today ok
Pledge to call the Senate tomorrow—be part of the National Call Day for gun violence prevention: http://OFA.BO/6LidEn	Happily - we did it in the UK and our gun violence is now virtually nonexistent. By contrast, the levels of gun crime violence in the US is shameful.
Thousands gathered across the country yesterday to remember the victims of gun violence. Share if you agree: It's time for Congress to act.	Our confidence in all the officials that they will do everything good for the benefit of citizensGod save America and the American people of any evil.
As you probably noticed, that’s not the President. Watch to see why President Obama is not giving the weekly address today: http://OFA.BO/xpMr7w	... most members of the NRA would not like to be known as thugs. Somebody please tell certain plutocrats in a way they cannot ignore.
Share if you agree: We've waited long enough for immigration reform.	I hope to get immigration I've waited a long time
Worth sharing: Senator McCain agrees that the American people deserve a vote on common-sense measures to reduce gun violence—and he's willing to call out those who would stand in the way. (via Demand Action)	least he agree that the American deserve to vote when it come to gun control laws  ,but he also need to stand with president Obama for equally justice.
Share this if you agree: Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote—and it's time for Congress to act.	and Every family that has lost loved ones at Benghazi deserves a voice--and it's time for Congress to act.
"We need parents, we need teachers, we need police officers, we need pastors, we need hunters and sportsmen—Americans of every background—to say we've suffered too much pain and care too much about our children to allow this to continue." —President ObamaShare this if you're one of the 92% of Americans who want Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun sales: http://OFA.BO/U5MvvD	I wish people would use common sense and see we need gun control to restrict those who have no common sense from getting them. This is ridiculous!
Happy Friday.	I wish people would use common sense and see we need gun control to restrict those who have no common sense from getting them. This is ridiculous!
Share the news: Our economy has added nearly 6.5 million private-sector jobs over 37 straight months.	Um-our unemployment rate has risen for the thirx week in a row out here in CA....we're still suffering
Like this if you agree it's time to fix our broken immigration system so families like Claudia's aren't needlessly torn apart. http://OFA.BO/R6F4N8	Sorry, I think we need to fix the immigration system to keep illegals out and protect our economy.  this family can go live where the husband is legal
Presidential portrait. (h/t Kid President)	Sorry, I think we need to fix the immigration system to keep illegals out and protect our economy.  this family can go live where the husband is legal
"Tears aren't enough. Expressions of sympathy aren't enough. Speeches aren't enough. We've cried enough. We've known enough heartbreak." —President Obama on why families who have lost loved ones to gun violence deserve a vote now.Share this and add your name if you agree: http://OFA.BO/DPQNFJ	These ladie has lost there kids,how could someone not want to vote about this issue. My heart go out to these ladies and you have my vote.
Jogging buddies.	These ladie has lost there kids,how could someone not want to vote about this issue. My heart go out to these ladies and you have my vote.
Nearly all of us came from someplace else.Like this and share your family's immigration story if you agree it's time to fix our broken immigration system: http://OFA.BO/aPdkaD	I have the right to keep my family together and I know that will become my reality this year! Thank you President Obama
"Reading is important. If you know how to read then the whole world opens up to you." —President Obama at The White House Easter Egg Roll: http://OFA.BO/bxBShE	Great idea, how about you read to them the Constitution of the United States?  Ask the Republicans where to find it.
Ready for Opening Day.	The great pitcher for the United States of America, Mr. Barack Obama! Looking good Commander-In-Chief!
Happy Easter!	The great pitcher for the United States of America, Mr. Barack Obama! Looking good Commander-In-Chief!
This week, thousands of supporters around the country held more than 100 events to urge Congress to help protect our kids by reducing gun violence. Add your name to join them: http://OFA.BO/YGsVVY	Congress is going to continue to deregulate gun ownership despite what the people ask for. I wish i had more faith in our leaders on this issue.
Heads up.	Congress is going to continue to deregulate gun ownership despite what the people ask for. I wish i had more faith in our leaders on this issue.
Pitch in $5 or more now to become a founding member of Organizing for Action and help restore the balance of power to ordinary people: http://OFA.BO/pr844h	We voted Barack Obama into office to restore the balance of power, now we are supposed to PAY for that!  I already pay my taxes!
Share this and add your name if you agree: Universal background checks shouldn't be controversial—and it's time for Congress to get it done. http://OFA.BO/s1JWXv	good for you Sara. Some common sence for a change.I feel this way if I have nothing to hide let them check I will even help them
All smiles in the Oval Office.	Distributed sad smiles on the world
Share this if you believe every American should be able to marry the person they love.	Share this if you believe every Algerian should be able to marry the person they love.
Like and share this if you stand with the millions of Americans fighting for marriage equality.	I live in California and I'm glad that there will soon be a time where all people of the US can have the wedding and marriages of their dreams. CHANGE!!!
Share this if you believe in marriage equality for all.	Exactly, marriage is for everyone regardless of their sexual orientation, If you think otherwise you are just another a bigot!
Share this if you agree: Our immigration system has been broken for too long—and it's time for Congress to fix it. http://OFA.BO/kVcMav	Our Black Americans have been broken for far too long ... it's past time for Congress to fix that before anything else.
Share your family's immigration story and say why we need to reform our broken immigration system—then pass this on so your friends and family can, too: http://OFA.BO/NvNkjC	its about time someone do something good for the broken immigration system in this country.
Three years later, Obamacare is still a BFD.Share this link so your friends know how it's saving lives and helping millions of Americans afford quality health insurance: http://OFA.BO/7xRwMY	I already loved you, but now that you have used the term "BFD" in a public forum I love you even more.
Like this if you agree that no American who works full time should have to live in poverty—then share President Obama's plan to raise the minimum wage: http://OFA.BO/VaSpqD	No worker who can only get part time should have to live in poverty! Employers do not do the moral thing these days, so the government has to step in.
Share this and add your name to tell Republicans in Congress to invest in clean energy and help combat climate change—not gut the progress we've made to protect the environment: http://OFA.BO/HjTkTg	is my name and we need it all, develop all methods now, it will save the environment and extend the supply of oil
Finish your bracket: It's time for March Madness.	Its time for you to fix your flaws
Like and share this if you agree: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save lives and make us safer—and it's time for Congress to act.	Every time I buy a gun they call the ATF and do a back ground check , where do I go for this not to happen?
Like and share this if you stand with same-sex couples around the country fighting for the right to get married.	Same-sex couples should definitely be able to be as miserable as half the opposite-sex couples out there who end up getting divorced.
Snack time.	Same-sex couples should definitely be able to be as miserable as half the opposite-sex couples out there who end up getting divorced.
Add your name to help President Obama deliver on the agenda Americans voted for last fall: http://OFA.BO/ASiPm2	Shame on you for blaming the Secret Service for closing the White House to tours!Get to work!You are the President.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!	Shame on you for blaming the Secret Service for closing the White House to tours!Get to work!You are the President.
"After years of talking about it, we’re finally poised to take control of our energy future." —President Obama in his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7EoxHp	Yea, let's take control of our energy future!  We should take control of our own destiny!
When all our voices are heard, that's when change happens. Join Organizing for Action to help pass President Obama's agenda: http://OFA.BO/PdjKG7	Or change comes when you force things down peoples throats, without giving them the opportunity to vote on those matters!
Happy Pi Day! (h/t The White House)	Or change comes when you force things down peoples throats, without giving them the opportunity to vote on those matters!
Like & share this if you support President Obama's balanced plan to protect vital services and reduce the deficit (via The White House).	Tuition assistance is vital to our military men and women. That is helping the middle class and that needs to be returned to those who serve our country.
Spring forward.	Tuition assistance is vital to our military men and women. That is helping the middle class and that needs to be returned to those who serve our country.
"What binds us together will always be more powerful than what drives us apart." —President Obama in his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/1eqFj2	Unfortunately, what binds us together gets far less attention than what drives us apart.
Share the good news: Our economy has added nearly 6.4 million private-sector jobs over 36 straight months. http://OFA.BO/ou5vcs	Boooooooooooooooooooooooo Private only for real?? How that say 6.4 million jobs all through out the work force not just private sectors!
Happy International Women's Day."Empowering women isn't just the right thing to do—it’s the smart thing to do." —President Obama: http://OFA.BO/v6JH7Y	It's the only thing to do!
"Instead of coming from the highest-paid lobbyists on K Street, change will come from Americans organizing across the nation."Read & share this message from Jim Messina on how Organizing for Action is putting the power back in the hands of the American people—not special interests: http://OFA.BO/b1MWmh	It's time for you Mr. President to make a stand for the "working class" people of your country and stop this transfer of wealth before it's too late
Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Tell Congress it's time to act: http://OFA.BO/kS4j3Y	Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Congress it's time to act !!!
Like this if you'd honk—then tell Congress to close background check loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands: http://OFA.BO/WSJQci	You right they need to keep guns out of criminal hands, but also need to keep em out of the dirty cops hands too
Like & share this if you agree: We should never cut student aid before closing tax loopholes for millionaires and large corporations.Tell Congress to stop these cuts now: http://OFA.BO/e5KYMJ	Does anyone else realize that if the government increases financial aid that colleges and universities will just increase tuition/decrease their financial packages? Simply handing out money doesn't solve the problem.
Buddies.	Does anyone else realize that if the government increases financial aid that colleges and universities will just increase tuition/decrease their financial packages? Simply handing out money doesn't solve the problem.
Devastating budget cuts are going into effect because Congressional Republicans refused to act.Like and share this if you agree it's unacceptable—then add your name to support the President's plan to stop these cuts: http://OFA.BO/1Zxrh9	it seems to me the Republicans are doing all they can to ruin this administration even at the cost of the nation.
It's time to do the right thing for our children and our communities: Like this and add your name to support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids. http://OFA.BO/j8YbmZ	Obama, you have to start with the criminals,  not good and honest people!   And yo have to stop giving guns to our enemies...then we can talk about gun control...not before!
"Renewing this bill is an important step towards making sure no one in America is forced to live in fear, and I look forward to signing it into law as soon as it hits my desk." —President Obama on today's passage of the Violence Against Women Act: http://OFA.BO/ojTaaX	this is a big step to some of the hate that is out there THANK YOU
“We can't ask seniors and working families like yours to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and the most powerful.” —President ObamaShare this if you agree—then add your name to support the President’s plan to stop severe cuts to vital services: http://OFA.BO/4zbspk	“We can't ask seniors and working families like yours to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and the most powerful.” —President Obama
“In a single moment, with the simplest of gestures, she helped change America—and change the world.” —President Obama at the unveiling of the Rosa Parks statue in the U.S. Capitol: http://OFA.BO/x8stns	Is she in the back of the Capitol?
Share this if you agree with Sean—then add your name to support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids: http://OFA.BO/BWoRz8	I want your scare plan to quit and for you to act like the POTUS.
Like and share this if you agree: We can't afford to cut vital services that middle-class families depend on. It's time for Congress to stop these severe budget cuts and focus on creating jobs: http://OFA.BO/cVUzQH	Nor can we afford to cut the services that the very much over-looked lower class depends on as well.
If Congress doesn't act by Friday, severe spending cuts would slash vital services for children, seniors, the mentally ill, and our men and women in uniform.Share how these cuts could affect your family—and why Congressional Republicans should protect middle-class families over tax loopholes for millionaires: http://OFA.BO/utoPad	If Congress doesn't act by Friday, severe spending cuts would slash vital services for children, seniors, the mentally ill, and our men and women in uniform.
Happy Oscars night.	If Congress doesn't act by Friday, severe spending cuts would slash vital services for children, seniors, the mentally ill, and our men and women in uniform.
Yesterday, thousands of supporters at rallies and events around the country called on Congress to act to reduce gun violence. Check out some of the highlights—then find out how you can help make it happen: http://OFA.BO/dTBtb8	There are 300 million guns in the US, how is any piece of legislation going to stop their use, fix the real problems
Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to reduce gun violence. Join them: http://OFA.BO/ANGb3H	Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to uphold the constitution.... LIKE YOU PROMISED
If we can save even one life by reducing gun violence, then we have an obligation to try. It's time for Congress to act.Share this if you agree.	if we can save even one unborn life by a Human Life Amendment then lets pass it
92% of Americans agree that universal background checks will help keep guns out of dangerous hands. Like this if you're one of them—then tell Congress to act to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/Lj8k3r	Give me a break people, universal background checks will surely help keep guns out of the hands of some dangerous people and hurts no one.
Now is the time to reduce gun violence and protect our kids. Find out how you can help make it happen—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/LNA6AH	You may take guns away but youll have to take some of our lives to get our guns! I will fight for my guns!
May I have this dance?	may i have a grant?
Like and share this if you agree: It's time for Congress to avoid self-imposed, brutal spending cuts and focus on making America a magnet for good, middle-class jobs.	Yes, Spending cuts are in place because we need to pay of two unpaid for wars.Dem. left a surplus Rep. distroyed it.simple as that.
Happy Presidents' Day!	Yes, Spending cuts are in place because we need to pay of two unpaid for wars.Dem. left a surplus Rep. distroyed it.simple as that.
"Last year, there were 443 murders with a firearm on the streets of [Chicago], and 65 of those victims were 18 and under. So that’s the equivalent of a Newtown every four months." —President ObamaFind out how you can help reduce gun violence and protect our kids—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/7TmuJ4	this is bull out of know were he wants to ban guns and there happens to be 500 shooting wake up people
"America only moves forward when we do so together—when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations. That’s the American story. And that is how we will write the next great chapter—together." http://OFA.BO/PCPbpo	"America only moves forward when we do so together" and you are the most divisive president in history, leaving behind debt that will take generations to pay.
I spy...	"America only moves forward when we do so together" and you are the most divisive president in history, leaving behind debt that will take generations to pay.
They deserve a vote.	Don't all Americans deserve a vote?
President Obama laid out his plan: Now it's in our hands. Pitch in $5 or more now to help get it done: http://OFA.BO/4AXuZX	Nice to see he is out there trying to help the young people get homes instead of renting....without him, I wouldn't have my home.  Go Obama!
"He shall, from time to time..."	He Shall what? Kill people with Drones from time to time?
President Obama's getting ready: Like and share this if you're excited to hear his State of the Union speech tonight.	i will not like and i will not share. simply because he is going to announce more of his BS.
Share this if you support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids.	I'd rather reduce kid violence and protect our guns.
"All we required was the opportunity to succeed." —Victor G. on why fixing our immigration system is so important to him and his family. Help pass real reform by sharing your family's immigration story here: http://OFA.BO/V4WmHu	How would you give these immigrants papers when they broke the Migration Law and are just destroying our country after the way the United States is economic
Even former President Reagan agrees: Weapons of war have no place in our communities.	We the people need weapons like these to assure that no government has the power to start a tyrannical take over
Nearly all of our families came to America from someplace else. Help fix our broken immigration system by sharing your family's story: http://OFA.BO/oMaFgw	When will we get rid of the Hatred in our heart and souls.  WHEN!!! WHEN!!
Add your name if you support President Obama's plan to reform our immigration system: http://OFA.BO/iakCvc	it does not need to be reformed.  It needs to be enforced.  Americans do not have jobs because you won't do your job and keep illegal aliens out.http://pjmedia.com/tatler/2013/02/07/suspected-la-cop-killer-posted-pro-obama-pro-gun-control-leftist-rant-on-the-web/
We are more alike than we are different: http://OFA.BO/CcVhCv	Amen! You don't know how many of us are immigrants
“Now it’s time to finish what we started. Let’s get going.” —President Obama on why he needs your help to keep fighting for middle-class families. Get started now by signing up for Organizing for Action: http://OFA.BO/5U64Uo	But you are not fighting for me, my taxes just went up $58 dollars a month and I only bring home 26,000.   so much for that....
High five.	But you are not fighting for me, my taxes just went up $58 dollars a month and I only bring home 26,000.   so much for that....
“Her defiance spurred a movement that advanced our journey toward justice and equality for all.” —President Obama on the 100th anniversary of Rosa Parks’ birth: http://OFA.BO/URbra7	the weight of knowing what happened on that day, and the history leading to it, and the future leading from it, is heavy. what a weight to bear.
Game day.	the weight of knowing what happened on that day, and the history leading to it, and the future leading from it, is heavy. what a weight to bear.
Make sure your friends heard the good news: Our economy has added more than 6.1 million private-sector jobs over the past 35 months.	People say college is the way to success but people don't know that the majority of people who lost their jobs had more than one college degree.
"The time is now. You must act. Be bold. Be courageous. Americans are counting on you." — Gabby Giffords urging the Senate today to take action on gun violence	This brings a tear to the eye.There are good people in this country and we should never for get that.Gabby is an angle on earth.
Share this if you agree with President Obama: We need a fair and common-sense immigration system that lives up to our heritage as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.	it is a nation of immigrants and all colors of skin, i may add!
Photo of the day: A run along the Colonnade with the children of new Chief of Staff Denis McDonough. http://OFA.BO/wXsvYx	this a brother of the world proud of you Sir
"By remaining vigilant against those who seek to perpetrate violence and murder, we honor those we lost during one of the darkest periods in human history. And we keep their memory alive for generations to come." —President Obama on International Holocaust Remembrance Day	My Uncle and Grandfather survived the camps.  I remember them in pictures, too.  Love and respect to my President and to those we remember in fondness.
Each one of us needs to speak up and demand action to reduce gun violence. Here's how you can help, right now: http://OFA.BO/ToNN67	Each one of us needs to stand up and defend our liberties, especially the right to bear arms.
The President's view on Monday.	What is the president's view on Monday? Is it his favorite day of the week?
"I want to take a look one more time. I'm not going to see this again." —President Obama pausing while leaving his second inaugural ceremony to look out onto the crowd on the National Mall	I watched this happen while watching CSPAN yesterday.Loved this moment.So glad to see him take the time to appreciate and relish in the moment.
First dance.	I watched this happen while watching CSPAN yesterday.Loved this moment.So glad to see him take the time to appreciate and relish in the moment.
"Our journey is not complete." —President Obama	"Our journey is not complete," Unfortunately for the rest of us.
President Obama will be sworn in for the second time tomorrow. What are your favorite memories from his first inauguration?	Everything about the first one was my favorite as will be the second time around....love it!
What does being sworn in for a second time mean to President Obama? Hear it straight from him: http://OFA.BO/hHXyT7	That mean he did a great job last term and we wanted him for four more years. Go Mr. President much ❤❤❤ from my family to yours.
President Obama and the First Lady helped paint a school for today's National Day of Service. Did you volunteer in your community? Share your experience in the comments.	How you going to paint a school standing in front of a cabinet/desk?
Share this link with your friends and family to make sure they've got a chance to join our work to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/WNPp46	I hope that you willl pay closer atttention to the crimes against me that are destoying my life .
Now is the time. Say you stand with the President and Vice President to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/onN3YZ	I stand with the people to reduce the power the President and VP are taking away from our Constitution.
Happy birthday, Michelle Obama!	I stand with the people to reduce the power the President and VP are taking away from our Constitution.
Your friends should have the facts about the President's common-sense plan to reduce gun violence—share this graphic to spread the word.	we also need better security within the homes of gun owners, as well as trying to eliminate the black market on weapons sales.
"Republicans in Congress have two choices here: They can act responsibly, and pay America’s bills; or they can act irresponsibly, and put America through another economic crisis. But they will not collect a ransom in exchange for not crashing the American economy." —President Obama yesterday at the final press conference of his first term http://OFA.BO/MoNZ9p	i can take money from one place to another but not an economy
One of our favorite 2012 photos: The President and First Lady at the wedding of a family friend in Chicago.	Coulda let the bride have all the focus instead of the obama and his wife coming in and stealing the spotlight
"By the end of next year, America’s war in Afghanistan will be over." —President Obama http://OFA.BO/Urrm5T	"By the end of next year,America’s war in Afghanistan willbe over." —President Obamahttp://OFA.BO/Urrm5T
As we start a conversation about the next chapter of this movement, take a look at some of the biggest moments from the last one: http://OFA.BO/hwRtdq	Congratulations Obama Family on your win, I haven't had the chance to say that yet, but I've been rooting for you the whole time. You are the best.
Help write our next chapter: Be a part of the conversation over inauguration weekend about what's next for this organization. http://OFA.BO/6AiBAc	How about skipping the inaugural parties and save a lot of money for the people?
Join President Obama and Americans across the country for a National Day of Service on January 19th: http://OFA.BO/f2rmEe	Martha's Table is a great program and great place for a day of service! Thank you, Mr. President!
Photo of the day: A moment in the Oval Office.	Three of the most awesome people in the United States!
Share this chart to spread the good news: The private sector added 168,000 jobs in December, for the 34th month of growth in a row. http://OFA.BO/sTnMAP	This is steady and progressive progress in the jobs market and this is one reason that he won his second term in office.
Make sure your friends see this—an update on the bipartisan agreement to prevent a tax hike on 98% of Americans, straight from President Obama: http://OFA.BO/ZDFJXT	Did you really give a pay raise to congress after raising taxes on the middle class? Say it isn't so!
"President Lincoln knew that in these United States, no dream could ever be beyond our reach when we affirm that individual liberty is served, not negated, by seeking the common good." —President Obama on the Emancipation Proclamation, which Lincoln issued 150 years ago today. http://OFA.BO/iEPfUZ	Our Congress seems to have forgotten these words.and I still believe they think they are above the law ,and could and SHOULD be Empeached right now!!
"Today, a proud nation expresses our gratitude.But we do so mindful that no ceremony or parade, no hug or handshake is enough to truly honor that service.For that, we must commit—this day and every day—to serving you as well as you’ve served us." —President Obama	You are a president with integrity no wonder you were re- elected.I wish you and your family all the best;)
The day after the election, the President made a surprise visit to campaign HQ in Chicago to give a heartfelt thank-you to staff and volunteers. Here's what he said. http://OFA.BO/jvkSZp	What a heartfelt, heartwarming, sincere thank you to the people that helped give him another 4 years. God Bless...  :)
The definition of hope is you still believe, even when it's hard.	the definition of hope is you still believe NO MATTER WHAT
Thank you.	the definition of hope is you still believe NO MATTER WHAT
Four more years.	LOVE IT! 4 more years!!!
Let your friends know you had the President's back today: http://OFA.BO/7PT2Wd	I have your back Mr. President you rock.
Help turn out voters in key states where just a few votes could make the difference: http://OFA.BO/crWt35	I voted for you in mine, where it unfortunately doesn't make a difference.
Grab a few friends to join you when you vote today! Confirm where you vote here: http://OFA.BO/DEKHf2	If we Dutch people could vote for America...then my vote would go to you Mister Obama! Now come visit out country when you win!
It's time to go vote! Confirm your polling place here: http://OFA.BO/sh52NU	You got my vote Mr. President & Mr .Vise President. God Bless you both. I will be going to vote soon.
We've come too far to turn back now. Let’s go vote. Let’s go do this. http://OFA.BO/9PMpkY	We don't just have your back, we have you and Joe back in the White House.
If you’ve got the President’s back tomorrow, let him know.	I'm English but I got his back all the way
Your friends need to know that the choice in this election is between strengthening the middle class or returning to the failed policies that crashed our economy. Send them this link: http://OFA.BO/RRqxqN	It's funny that people think the economy will be "fixed" in one term. It took over 8 years to create the bubble why would it take 4 to recover?
Two days left to re-elect President Obama—be a part of the final push: http://OFA.BO/vzXafN	I am so part of the final push...if it were up to me, President Obama will be re-elected...oh wait...it is up to me...he has my vote!
President Obama made the bold decision to order a raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan, eliminating the man responsible for the 9/11 attacks and the only leader al Qaeda had ever known.	Actaully..The plan to kill Bin Laden was Bush.Th credit goes to the military, Obama deserves none of it, and the military is outraged that he is taking credit.
President Obama has saved the typical middle-class family $3,600 in taxes. Compare what you'd pay under the President's plan versus Mitt Romney's: http://OFA.BO/ytLJYD	Lol except the whole part about Obamacare being a tax, the largest in history for the middle class.
Learn how Obamacare benefits you and your family: http://OFA.BO/wwAXbN	Thank you now i am covered because of my pre-existing condition and the health insurance cant deny me because of greed!
See how the President's plan is helping students afford college: http://OFA.BO/UUnCev	if he made college more affordable how come I had to pay more each year to keep my kids in college these last four years???
President Obama kept his promise to end the war in Iraq. Mitt Romney called the decision to bring our troops home from Iraq “tragic.”	Wow...!!I AM REALLY GLAD TO HEAR THAT STATEMENT MR.OBAMA..!!!IT WOULD BE GREAT, and i really hope to end the war to the well of the human race...
Before President Obama took office, the economy was losing 800,000 jobs a month. Now, we've seen 32 consecutive months of job growth and 5.4 million new private sector jobs. http://OFA.BO/ooYXuK	Why the bragging? At least 4 million jobs were lost. Only half truth as always huh?
President Obama refused to let the American auto industry die: "I knew betting on American workers was the right thing to do."	People say that nothing positive has happened In the last four years...I bet the families of our returning soldiers and the auto workers would disagree!
President Obama repealed “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” so that gay and lesbian servicemembers no longer have to lie about who they are to serve the country they love.	He's also made it possible for lesbian women to have free abortions, what a guy!
President Obama is fighting for the American Dream because he's lived it. http://OFA.BO/kV8SNu	that's why i like him.. He knows what is struggles in life, and the everyday living of fighting to make it........
A special message from Will Ferrell: http://OFA.BO/uuVED4	I have a video I would like to share...Borrowed from someone else...
The choice on education: http://OFA.BO/H6J6uh	I am a college student depending on president Obama's help. Vote for Obama on Tuesday!
The choice for commander in chief: President Obama’s four years of strong leadership vs. Mitt Romney’s reckless statements and poor judgment. http://OFA.BO/egwL2s	I think the choice of words used in this post are reckless and of poor judgment.Stay positive...and quit asking me for $6 bucks every day...
"Read my plan. Compare it to Governor Romney's. And decide which is better for you." http://OFA.BO/hAKuC8	It isn't about what is better for me but what is better for the country.
Your friends should see this chart before they step into a voting booth. http://OFA.BO/ydN8VY	I can't change my friends' minds but I can guarantee I'm stepping into that voting booth to vote for Barack Obama.
This is the choice on choice—and it’s something every American needs to know before voting: http://OFA.BO/ovBHSS	Romney in a perfect world it would work great, if you are Prolife does that mean no man or woman would go to war?
"I voted for him in 2008, and I plan to stick with him in 2012."—GOP former Secretary of State and retired four-star general Colin Powell on why he supports President Obama in this election: http://OFA.BO/sCEHDg	I voted for him in 2008 but unlike you Colin, I learn from my mistakes. I will be voting for Mitt Romney in 2012.
This weekend is one of the last chances we have to get out the vote—pick up a shift for the President: http://OFA.BO/R8Z8M2	I have NEVER been more nervous about an election. If there is a God, please smile down on this man next Tueaday. The country and the world needs this man.
Make sure your friends know how Obamacare is making health insurance more affordable for their families: http://OFA.BO/YSZUEq	If he is someone better let the health insurance know because my open enrollment is due and is costing more for 2013.....so not sure what your posting means
Election Day is just a week away. If you've already cast your ballot, let your friends know: http://OFA.BO/zhu598	Teresa, please return to Fox Tv where you get your so called facts, what a joke and embarasment.
Our thoughts this morning are with everyone who's been affected by the storm. Help support relief efforts where they're needed most by donating to the Red Cross: http://OFA.BO/ruDtEw	Thank you, Mr. President, our prayer are with all areas affected by the storm and also for you.  God Bless Us All!
Why are you voting for President Obama? Leave your No. 1 reason in the comments and tag a friend to let them know.	because president obama is allowing me to take control of my future as a woman and leting me decide what's best for my body instead of deciding that for himself.
Help get the word out on President Obama’s accomplishments—as quickly as you can: http://OFA.BO/ewJdZv	You left out NDAA...How come you never mention this as an accomplishment?
States along the East Coast are preparing for Hurricane Sandy. If you can, please support American Red Cross disaster relief efforts here: http://OFA.BO/JdnJ23	My prayers are going right now for the East Coast's safety! Please help them Mr. President! God bless!
Make sure your friends get the facts on how President Obama is fighting for women: http://OFA.BO/AnNUoH	Ladies your big day is coming up. Nov 6th, 2012 is your chance to make history and support the president who is standing up for you!!!
“Nothing can stand in the way of the power of millions of voices calling for change.” Use your voice this weekend—canvass for the President: http://OFA.BO/szAFkA	How old is this photo! You probably don't even have that many people in the United States to vote for you! Photo Shopped to the max.
"We don't look backwards, we look forward." —President Obama, wrapping up his 8-state, 48-hour trip in Cleveland yesterday. Catch up on the whole thing here: http://OFA.BO/FgeJtQ	If we do not look back and put our head in a sandbox you will destroy our country.Get on the press and explain Libya .
President Obama is the first sitting president to vote early. Find out if you can vote early in your state—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/AxXHsS	Did you vote for the other guy, since you can't run on your record?
“Our destiny is not written for us, it’s written by us. And we’re going to write the next chapter together.” Check out the President’s plan to keep us moving forward—then pass it along: http://OFA.BO/sNyEof	Mr. President, I am wise, a resident of Benghazi please give an order for aircraft not trouble us our tomorrow just because it is the first day of Eid al-Adha
President Obama on day one of his 8-state, 48-hour tour: "The crowds are great—the enthusiasm is unbelievable. People are working so hard." Follow along with the rest of the trip here: http://OFA.BO/TJh6K4	we are all hoping for 4 more years of the good work....
Ready, set, go: President Obama is visiting 8 states over the next 48 hours, and you can get an inside look at his trip here: http://OFA.BO/Kue1gb	President Obama, I hope that over the next 4 years you work to eliminate the electoral college. I'd like to see you in Texas someday.
Make sure your friends and family see President Obama’s second-term plans to keep us moving forward: http://OFA.BO/AefFhG	How about adding to our military so America is not weak?   Oh wait, I forgot your plan is to make it weak.  My bad. 
Say cheese.	How about adding to our military so America is not weak?   Oh wait, I forgot your plan is to make it weak.  My bad. 
Share if you agree: President Obama won the final debate because his leadership has made America stronger, safer, and more secure than we were four years ago.	I agree he won the debate but I think it would be better to wait at least until it is over before posting this!
If you place an order today, you’ll get everything by Election Day. The code LASTCALL gets you 30% off and, as always, shipping is free: http://OFA.BO/Eyy11V	read it before you speak! When you turn a certain age the only thing they will do is give you pain pills.
One conversation could make the difference in this election—make a few calls to voters today: http://OFA.BO/c2jR3Q	How do you sign the petition against the voting machines in Ohio?It should never have been allowed I see that as a conflict of interest 
President Obama paid Jon Stewart a visit yesterday—watch the interview here, and pass it on: http://OFA.BO/vQaox4	I wish Romney paid a visit instead. Obama has a great sense of humor and understands the younger generations, but Romney on the Daily Show would make history.
Fired up in Ohio.	Yes, We are Fired up in Ohio to FIRE your Lazy Sorry and Worthless a$$  #Romney/Ryan 2012 
“Being married to Michelle, and having these tall, beautiful, strong-willed girls in my house, never allows me to underestimate women.” –President Obama	I really understand your dilemma. Yu have to choose between brigthness and beauty
Forward, not back. http://OFA.BO/9Eaycy	President Obama all the way!! Forward not backwards.
Share this if you agree: Our daughters should have the same opportunities as our sons.	I to was blessed with two daughters and two granddaughter and i believe they should have the same opportunities as any man.
President Obama has a specific plan to create jobs and grow the economy. Mitt Romney doesn't.	Hahahahahahah!Presidents don't create jobs.Jobs are created in the "private sector".The only jobs that the federal government/president can create, is Government Jobs...not local jobs.
Team Obama had a big win in the second debate—and it's because the President has the right plan to move us forward: http://OFA.BO/e4Q94o	Romney just made a fool of himself. Obama used the word “terrorism” to describe the killing of Americans the very next day at the Rose Garden, not two weeks later.
Share this if you’re ready to cheer on Team Obama in tonight’s debate: http://OFA.BO/fbArd8	Steps up in the pocket. Got to love this picture.
This campaign is in the palm of your hand. Give $10 to Obama for America by texting GIVE to 62262.	The only way I would give obama $10 is for his moving expenses in Jan, 2013 when he moves out of the White House and back to Chicago!
Make sure your friends know—Mitt Romney isn't telling voters the truth about his plans for the country: http://OFA.BO/hJ1QYy	ask obama  when is he going to give the American people  the money back that he  stoled  and gave to his buddies
If you’re on Team Obama-Biden, now’s the time to show it. Pitch in $10 now to help make sure we keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/gpHEnu	There's really no need to bring this on Facebook -_______-
Like and share this if you're siding with the middle class—and Team Obama-Biden—after tonight's debate.	Joe is going in with the truth!!
Don’t miss the VP debate—it starts in just a few hours: http://OFA.BO/Fva9a2	As long as it starts after the Cardinals game!
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for women's health, and that's President Obama: http://OFA.BO/iq9kNz	If a woman out there isn't voting for Obama, she better start watching Mad men, because she'll be living in the 1960s if Romney wins.
“The friendship that we established early on in our marriage … that carries you through tough times. That and a good sense of humor.”— President Obama	A lot of people need to be more like the Obamas relationship they are a match made in heaven and then some!!!
Stand with the only candidate in this election who’s fighting to make college more affordable: http://OFA.BO/vpgTCh	Wishing you all the best for the president of America in the next election at hand. Your victory may bring the happiness to all the marginalized American people.
Share this graphic so your friends know the choice on taxes in this election: http://OFA.BO/SFbD9C	Last time i checked its your term and my taxes are still higher than ceos put the blame game elsewhere
Today's the voter registration deadline for Colorado, Florida, Michigan, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and several other states around the country. Take a couple minutes to fill out your voter registration form here—then stick it in the mail today: http://OFA.BO/FXkddi	1st time voter and in VA and I will NOT be voting for that SNEAKY AZZ DUMB AND DUMBER ROMNEY AND CREW. Lets get this Obama!!!!
This new tool shows you exactly how President Obama’s policies are making a difference in your community—just plug in your zip code: http://OFA.BO/xFKoY1	Check it out! Enter your zip code to see how your community has been helped by Obama's policies.
Some amazing news this morning: 1,825,813 people came together to raise $181 million for this campaign and combined committees in September. Thank you—let's keep it going: http://OFA.BO/KsRE8c	1,825,813 people came together to raise $181 million for Obama....10 people came together to raise the same amount for Mitt Romney
Share the good news: The economy has added 5.2 million private-sector jobs over 31 straight months, and the unemployment rate is below 8% for the first time since January 2009. More on President Obama's long-term plan to create jobs: http://OFA.BO/Qs2XwM	That's fantastic news for all United States citizens.It can't come at a better time.Hopefully the next month we'll have another growth spurt.
If you’re on Team Obama, let him know.	It would be nice if he prepared for the goddamn debate he let all of his followers down last night.
Last night’s no. 1 takeaway: the President has a plan to move us forward—Romney doesn't. http://OFA.BO/gUjxPP	I don't think that was the number 1 takeaway from last night.... Show up next time ready to win it, Mr. President.
Make sure your friends know: President Obama's the choice to move us forward, not back. http://OFA.BO/AGtLDM	what the hell happened tonight you need to fight for this county !!!!!!!!!!!!!! not sit back and let mitt take over
Like & share this if you've got the President's back in tonight's debate. http://OFA.BO/LzKQuX	He has got to win otherwise we are in a world of hurt!
20 years ago today.	60 years ago today my parent were married.
This election is important. Get registered before it’s too late: http://OFA.BO/aiZE5V	Get registered and vote now
Tomorrow night's first presidential debate is a huge moment in this campaign. Cheer on the President with supporters in your community: http://OFA.BO/16TpXc	BIG MISTAKE --- in 1960 Nixon had the election sowed up until the debate with Kennedy -- after the debate with Kennedy he lost the election by a whisker----
Thank you: Last night, this campaign reached 10,000,000 donations in 2012—a historic record for grassroots politics. The coolest thing about this? Every donation you make now sets a new record. Let's keep going: http://OFA.BO/wi6xnx	Sorry Mr. President Obama, i didn't have the money to donate to you for election, been out of work for almost 1 year good luck
Oval Office, how can I help you?	Yes Mr. Ahmadinejad, how can I help?
People are already voting in some states around the country—so this election's already begun. Make sure you and your friends are registered and ready to vote: http://OFA.BO/zjs7F9	I have made sure that all my family is registered to vote for you Mr. President.
The best thing you’ll read today: http://OFA.BO/vnDJma	The second best thing you'll read today http://antieveryone.tumblr.com/post/32328989256/prometheus?og=1&fb_action_ids=10151092797493460&fb_action_types=tumblr-feed%3Apost&fb_source=aggregation&fb_aggregation_id=288381481237582
“I’m not fighting to create Democratic jobs or Republican jobs—I’m fighting to create American jobs.” —President Obama in Milwaukee	Barack bhama, go in the hell and all zioniste , your fighting to create american zioniste
President Obama is asking you one last time: Will you join him for dinner? http://OFA.BO/ZxgLyW	obama i wouldnt join you for dinner if you were the last man standing
Free car magnet! http://OFA.BO/7dgYfw	Can I have a car too?
Check out President Obama's plan to keep us moving forward—then pass it on: http://OFA.BO/UBk6DL	Sounds great but with the Republiclowns blocking everything you try to do, good luck....I'm pulling for ya!
Time to choose.	Fired up ready to go!
“I am Barack Obama and this is my wife, Michelle.”—President Obama“I’m his date.”—Michelle ObamaThrow your name in the hat for your shot at joining the President for dinner: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	He's my man and Michelle is the greatest!
President Obama told the story of the time he put then-4-year-old Malia’s hair in a bun for ballet (mom was out of town).The teacher took one look and said, “Would you like me to redo your hair?” Malia said, “Yes, please.This is a disaster.” Trade stories with the President at the last Dinner with Barack: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	Everybody in the USA should be on board with our President!!!!!!!!!! He is OUR only HOPE for GETTING back to BEING the USA!!!!!!!
DWB guest Scott recounted this story: "The most amazing part is when he offered everybody a fry—it was kind of like 'Oh my God, the President is offering me his fry.' And I didn't take it, because I said to myself, 'I'm not going to take a fry from the President of the United States!' But I should have." Time’s running out: Pitch in now for your chance to have dinner with the President. http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	When I read these wonderful comments, I have hope that the President will win, here in Florida soooooo many including my husband who will vote the wrong way.
Wendi, an artist, brought some postcards for her upcoming art show to share with her fellow guests at Dinner with Barack.The President surprised Wendi by asking her to autograph a postcard for him, which he took with him as a souvenir.You and a guest could be a part of the last Dinner with Barack—enter now: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	Surprised wendi? this is a man that would have given you his umbrella and walk in the rain.
John and Cathleen from Wisconsin left Dinner with Barack with a presidential thank you note—for the sitter who was watching their two kids. The note read, “Jenna, thanks for watching the boys and your support." Make your own memories with President Obama—sign up for the final Dinner with Barack: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	I wonder if they awkwardly sat on the same side of the table all night, or if it was just for the picture.
Being President of the United States of America means you're President for everybody.	"I'm the President of the United States, not the President of the people who agree with me." -Jed Bartlet, The West Wing.
If you agree that we’re all in this together, stand with the President and pass this on: http://OFA.BO/GUnam8	Why would I pass this on, you are the worst president in the history of our country. You cannot even tell the truth..
If you agree that we need a President who stands up for all Americans, pitch in $5 now: http://OFA.BO/53CrMK	We do need a President that stands up for all Americans.  Hopefully we'll get one in 2016.
Last call to get your favorite Obama bumper sticker for free—choose yours right now: http://OFA.BO/TXtTsZ	Donated $35 to Obama already 2 weeks ago. I would really like my bumper sticker please.
If you're willing to stand with me, and vote for me, and organize with me, we will finish what we started. http://OFA.BO/uzuW5N	Yes I am ready to stand with you Sir.We need to vote all blue.Get those do nothing Republican out of congress.
Share the President's plan to build on 30 months of private-sector job growth: http://OFA.BO/zoSZRA	Valencia do your homework, his healthcare plan will cost the MIDDLECLASS $3,000 a year
With only a few weeks until voter registration deadlines, use our new app to get your friends and family registered now: http://OFA.BO/1cFetv	I sent my registration in back in July via us mail (state of Texas) but haven't gotten a voter card or any other info. What should I do?
In August, we closed the fundraising gap with Mitt Romney and the Republicans for the first time since April. That's huge—but we can’t let up. Help make sure this campaign keeps growing by getting your friends involved—start a grassroots fundraising page right now: http://OFA.BO/VNSHFm	Sorry the fundraising should be for the unemployed, the hungry, the sick people in our country
Spotted in Iowa: This is probably a fun door to knock on.	I drive by this house on my way to my parents almost everyday and it is VERY tacky!! This is a nice development and this does nothing for it!
Thunderstorms can't keep a few of Obama for America - Virginia finest off the phones.	I was there for my first volunteer event, knocking on doors to get out the vote!
Canvassers from Obama for America - DC get ready to get out the vote.	Listen to the Gentiles go...lolHail Hitler!!!Your all pitiful.Obama 2012!!!!
Good neighbors: A team from Obama for America - Connecticut gets ready to canvass with Obama for America - New Hampshire.	Fired up and ready to go
No table, no problem—Obama for America - Nevada is ready to register wherever they go.	I was out there in Iowa helping people register to vote....every one of them volunterily said they were going to vote for Obama!
Fun with phone-banking for Obama for America – Colorado.	...4 more years!  Yes for Obama on November 2012!
Adam Scott and Rashida Jones don't just play super volunteers on TV—they joined Obama for America - Iowa at Drake University on Saturday.	Awesome people and great to see! Wish I could've joined them!
Good door-knocking in action, courtesy of Obama for America - Michigan.	Joining all the ppl with foresight  in America .......pray that Obama has a second chance.
A team from Wilkes-Barre represents for Obama for America - Pennsylvania.	A well represented group of Americans!
It's a family affair for supporters in Obama for America - New Mexico.	Go for it men support from Kenya
President Obama got a lift in Fort Pierce, Florida today (by a pizzeria owner who can bench-press 350 pounds and was really happy to see him).	Mitt Romney would be so upset if an average guy like that even came close to him, let alone lift him up off the ground.
Touchdown POTUS.	Mitt Romney would be so upset if an average guy like that even came close to him, let alone lift him up off the ground.
Keep these four around for four more years—commit to vote: http://OFA.BO/s64YUs	i want these four GREAT PEOPLE to stay four more years
If you’re standing with the President, we’ve got a free sticker for you: http://OFA.BO/s9meiB	I've tried 4 times to get a free sticker and I"m still waiting!!!
If you're fired up right now, if you've got Barack Obama's back, then own a piece of this campaign. Pitch in now: http://OFA.BO/p7kHsf	I think Obama needs to start telling lies....it's the only way he has a chance of people the big GOP lie machine
President Obama: “We don’t turn back. We leave no one behind. We pull each other up.” If this sounds like the America you believe in, keep us moving forward: http://OFA.BO/FzuNUH	Behind you all the way sir!!!
We need to move forward, not back. Pitch in $5 or more now to support President Obama: http://OFA.BO/HkgqwJ	Keep Obama or we will be sure to move women back to the middle. Ages
You won’t want to miss the final night of the Democratic National Convention tonight. Live now: http://OFA.BO/i8Dqic	Wouldn't miss it for the world!  I've watched all of the convention on C-SPAN each day.
Bill Clinton last night: “We simply cannot afford to give the reins of government to someone who will double down on trickle-down.” Stand with him and with President Obama for four more years of progress for the middle class: http://OFA.BO/sUrZjA	I would like to stand with him for a little longer than 4 more years  if he will do the right thing for all.
Let’s make sure President Obama is a two-term President—pitch in $5 now: http://OFA.BO/s9T8Jh	Im ready for a M0rm0n Republican for a change . Change is g0od especially when it comes to Presidents and underwear .
Share this with your friends and family if you support this plan to keep us moving forward.	We're moving forward, but unless we also focus on education and the poor, we're going to leave a lot of folks behind.
Michelle's biggest fans watching her convention speech from home last night.	i'm one of her biggest fan too
If you believe in an America where you can make it if you try—no matter who you are or where you come from—stand with President Obama to help make sure we keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/NQe8xs	we can do this we can make it happin, but we all must get on board
On a cold day with temperatures below freezing, U.S. Senator Barack Obama officially announced his campaign for the U.S. presidency in February 2007, ten years after he entered the Illinois State Senate.	Let's run Michelle next and keep her there for eight years.In a few years after that, let's run the kids.
Barack and his mother, Ann, in Cambridge, MA. He attended Harvard Law School after graduating from Columbia University and working in Chicago as a community organizer.	He attended Harvard Law School after graduating from Columbia University and working in Chicago as a community organizer. yeah so now is the tim
The Obamas were married on October 3, 1992—which means next month marks their 20th wedding anniversary.	Glad to share our wedding anniversary with them.  They were married on our 11th anniverary.
Barack met Michelle Robinson, now Michelle Obama, while working at the same law firm. They recently shared the story of their first date: http://OFA.BO/ujAbKX	This is a pic taken in Alego, Kenya, when Obama came to introduce his wife to his grandma.As a Kenyan from the same place, I'm proud of him.
Barack and Michelle have both talked about balancing family time with the campaign. Here, Barack attends a supporter house party in New Hampshire while giving a lift to daughter Sasha in 2007.	The country was a mess when he took over and they blame him for everything. He is a family man.
The Obama family started growing with the birth of Malia Obama on the Fourth of July in 1998, followed by younger sister Sasha in June 2001.	Nice having children in the White House again.
“My mother was the single most important influence on my life.”—Barack on his mother Stanley Ann Dunham, a single mom who raised him with the help of her own parents	One of the racist reasons why some people don't like President Obama is because his family "betrayed" whiteness by loving him and raising him to be a good person....
We just hit a major milestone: More than 3 million supporters now own a piece of this campaign. Find out more about the people who make this campaign possible: http://OFA.BO/KawTy3	there more then 3 millon out of work who needs 4 more years of this we need a change
Pick out your favorite bumper sticker and we’ll send it to you for free—it’s that easy: http://OFA.BO/joqrbs	Too bad that you can not get the sticker in Germany ..
“This Thursday night, I will offer you what I believe is a better path forward—a path that grows this economy, creates more good jobs, strengthens the middle class.”—President Obama in Urbandale, Iowa	how can the economy not be good but the local casino is bustling?
Summer may be coming to an end, but this campaign is heating up—show your support for the President and get 25% off in the Obama 2012 store: http://OFA.BO/fa9p3x	I voted for you the last but not this this you sold us down the drain Mr President
Another way to get involved and meet supporters just like you—check out Dashboard, our online organizing tool: http://OFA.BO/3zjDuY	I like this ....its not always easy to know where to begin to start supporting our president and his values....thank you for providing this info !
President Obama's hitting the road to Charlotte this week to accept the nomination at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday—follow along here: http://OFA.BO/iipJKX	We are on the road to victory! OBAMA 2012!!!
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to take us back to the 1950s on women’s health. Pitch in $5 or more now to help make sure they don’t get the chance: http://OFA.BO/8vpDT1	that would bring us forward because you took as back to the stone age
http://OFA.BO/HxgaZz	that would bring us forward because you took as back to the stone age
Here's where to say you're on Team Obama-Biden: http://OFA.BO/gV6nWA	Just say NO to the Mitt-wits.
We’ve come so far, but we’ve still got work to do. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we can keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/yjSw78	I just sent you $25.00 and will do so every month until the election. We must do everything we can to get you re-elected.
Add your name, then pass it on: http://OFA.BO/8UHQcn	I got your back if you got P.R back to Obama !?
We can’t go back. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we don’t: http://OFA.BO/bdRwLE	@April Smith He did many good things, Obama Care and He did help the economy. He would have done a lot more to help us but Republicans wouldnt let him.
Make sure your friends know they don’t want any part of this Venn diagram: http://OFA.BO/8yHa6P	I wish I could let some of my friends see this, but some of them are completely LOST
Gov. Chris Christie is endorsing Mitt Romney at the Republican National Convention tonight. Share this if you think America can do better than Team Not-Quite-Last-Place.	it really is too bad that you make NO SENSE...but you are full of NONSENSE!!!!
Made in the USA and all purchases go toward re-electing the President—take a look around the Obama 2012 store and use the code “gear up” to get 20% off everything: http://OFA.BO/q7RZrg	Well, at least you know the money for the Obama campaign is coming from the 99% rather than the 1% when you support him by buying from this store.
“I'm inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart. They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better. And they make me want to be a better man.”—President Obama	President Obama I personally respect everything you are doing for the country.Hope to see you in next term you have my vote.
Today's a good day to buy one of our Made in the USA mugs—with the President's birth certificate on the back: http://OFA.BO/HxKQbt	If I didn't live in a house full of conservatives who would smash it on sight, I would definitely get one of these.
Mitt Romney directly enlisted himself in the birther movement this morning: "No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate. They know this is the place I was born." Get the President's back. Stand with him in this election—and against false, divisive attacks: http://OFA.BO/Txr9aB	Prove all of them wrong...Just show them the birth certificate. This is only a big deal because of the way YOU have handled it.
Four years after they became running mates, this is the team that still has our back. Add your name if you’ve got theirs: http://OFA.BO/RyUZGs	I got your back Mr. Prez!  I was so proud to work the polls on that historic day you got elected!
Worth sharing: President Obama’s education plan is making college more affordable. Use our education calculator to see the savings -> http://OFA.BO/fALWn6	We need to protect the future of our children. Eduction, jobs and affordable housing...keep up the good work, my vote is yours. 
Share this image so your friends know what’s at stake for students this fall.	this is so true, I owe a lot to Obama cause I wouldn't have made it through my last semester of college without this!
Last chance to go to the Democratic National Convention as Michelle’s guest and meet the President—airfare included: http://OFA.BO/FeTKMt	I would love to meet the president but I want to earn it.
The President enjoys a meal with supporters. http://OFA.BO/ZYqMY1	And the supporters enjoy a meal with him too. <3<3<3
Like & share if you agree. http://OFA.BO/ZczEJT	President Obama:) u're the right & you deserve 4 more yrs.Yes ndeed you should have:)
Mitt Romney's asking Americans to put him in charge of their taxes, while refusing to come clean about his own. Call for him to follow decades of precedent and release his tax returns—add your name: http://OFA.BO/Rd4gms	Mittens is asking us to be in charge of our taxes, yet he won't disclose his own...  Hmmmnnn...
President Obama is fighting to protect women’s health—say you’ll stand with him: http://OFA.BO/DqH8an	He is not protecting Womens health. Wake up people
A hug in Davenport, Iowa yesterday.	The Romney Ryan team hug money like that...
Share this image if you agree that we need to invest in clean energy that’s made right here in America.	Yes Sir, we do need energy made in this Country.
Download the new (and free!) Obama smartphone app to get campaign news, updates on events near you, and voting info—right on your iPhone or Android: http://OFA.BO/ZRQfoD	Updates on voting! You mean the military vote you are trying to block.
Stan Musial	Updates on voting! You mean the military vote you are trying to block.
Pat Summitt	Updates on voting! You mean the military vote you are trying to block.
Bill Russell	Updates on voting! You mean the military vote you are trying to block.
Billie Jean King	Updates on voting! You mean the military vote you are trying to block.
Share this image so your friends and family know the choice we face on Medicare this fall.	Is this what you want for our parents and all the elderly?$300 a month more in out of pocket?  Oh yeah, they can eat cat food again 
LAST CALL: Dinner with Michael Jordan and the President. Pitch in $5 or more before midnight and you’ll be automatically entered to win: http://OFA.BO/3RSDgi	look at that extension, maybe in 4 years he could do dancing with the stars :P
Show a little muscle this election season—this tank top is 25% off with the code VOTEOBAMA: http://OFA.BO/zjfSXn	Show a little muscle in the office barack!
“I don’t think your boss should get to control the health care that you get.I don’t think insurance companies should control the care that you get.I don’t think politicians should control the care that you get.I think there's one person to make these decisions on health care, and that is you.”—President Obama on women’s health	No you think that the federal government should control the care that I get. No thanks!
Team U.S.A. is leading the Track & Field medal count—and there's more to be proud of at home. Share if you're proud of our athletes at home and abroad.	There is nothing to be proud of, when the country has the biggest number of athletes
President Obama, Patrick Ewing, and you? Pitch in $5 and you and a guest will be automatically entered to win dinner and a shootaround with some of basketball’s greatest stars: http://OFA.BO/NzV7Fi	I would love to get in on one of these games ...
This morning, we learned that for the third month in a row, we've been outraised by the other side in this race. Help close the gap—pitch in $5 now, and ask a friend to do the same: http://OFA.BO/UUR46p	Care to expand this chart out to the left and show how long, and by how much the disparity was in the other direction?
Share this if you're particularly proud of the U.S.A. gymnastics program this week.	Well done mr President.Yes i am proud of the gymnastics program of this week
Made in the USA, 51 years ago today: http://OFA.BO/uNYvDu	And he was BORN in the USA 51 years ago!
It's Barack's birthday today—wish him a happy one by signing his card! http://OFA.BO/HHfZev	Happy birthday Mr. President. Hope you have a good one
Good news: As of July, the economy has added private-sector jobs for 29 straight months—for a total of 4.5 million jobs during that period. But we've got more work to do. Stand with President Obama to keep up this progress: http://OFA.BO/uaTtqr	Really, then why can't I find one of these 4.5 million jobs that were supposedly created over the last 2 years?
"You guys amaze us the most." —President Obama, calling the U.S. women's gymnastics team from Air Force One yesterday to congratulate them on their big win	Obama,calling the us gymnastics team for a job well done.which one has our president called?,bcos we have not won anything. Very soon,they will go for shopping.
The U.S.A. swim program has a lot of reasons to be proud this week—here are a few more.	Congrats! Michael Phelps is unique and a great inspiration...just wanting to be the first Michael Phelps ;o)
"Life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to do your small part to leave our children—all of our children—a better world." —President Obama. Pitch in $5 or more before tomorrow's fundraising deadline to help make sure we keep moving forward—not back: http://OFA.BO/RiAbEo	Imma gonna try to be a Repub: "Life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to...  leave our children—all of our children..." —President Obama.
Judy hadn’t canvassed in 40 years, but that didn’t stop her from being part of Obama for America - Ohio’s weekend of action. Sign up to volunteer in your own community: http://OFA.BO/p9MNKi	Obama will win this election and he will go forward to make great changes and strides in the turning around of this nation for the better
Don Cheadle talks to a barber shop owner in Durham while volunteering with Obama for America - North Carolina.	Hahaha^^^ Peace to everyone on the post..
Obama for America - New Hampshire volunteers increased their ranks one person at a time on Saturday and Sunday—that’s what It Takes One is all about: http://OFA.BO/Mooytx	Happy to see the group is reinacting the great challenges in 2008
Day 2 started early for Obama for America - Ohio with a fresh coat of paint in Morgan County.	ooooo how enlightening. Makes the message.
A couple Young Americans for Obama celebrate a job well done while canvassing for Obama for America - New Mexico.	Jeffery, we know you want to be on a winners site, and we know you are excited, but calm down.
Canvassing partners Donald Faison and Zach Braff  braved the heat  to knock on doors for Obama for America - Nevada.	We have our work cut out for us! But we are up to the challenge!!
O is for “Obama country,” according to Obama for America - Virginia volunteers.	This looks like a Korean "I Love You Pose"
These two volunteers from Obama for America - Pennsylvania made a sweet reminder that we've only got a few months before the election.	Oh fun to see workers thinking of new ideas for advertising. Cute cake women.
This weekend of action meant a few new faces for Obama for America - Florida.	Maybe they should pay me for making a trip to the polls in novemeber and for advertising in my front yard
With just 100 days til the election, it's all hands on deck. Sign up now to help win this thing: http://OFA.BO/HXoDYq	im english but hope you stay president of the usa think you have more to give to america and other parts of the world.
Join Michelle and wish Barack a happy birthday. Sign his card now! http://OFA.BO/XwMdSa	You give me hope for my children's future.  Happy birthday!  Let your year be filled with happiness, joy, and a successful reelection!
Share the news if you’re glad to see youth soccer programs growing thanks to the Obama administration.	You can always do the world a favour and it's free. Just change soccer to football.
Bumper stickers—get yours here: http://OFA.BO/C2VbNT	Ohio is yours sir, Semper Fi.
The most important meeting of the day.	or is this the most important meeting of the DAY
Summer.	or is this the most important meeting of the DAY
Dynamic duo.	or is this the most important meeting of the DAY
Fired up in Virginia.	fire us up way up here in Maine!
Like and share this if you've got the President's back.	like and share this does the president have our back or congress
He’s fighting for American families—join him: http://OFA.BO/JcTmR5	fighting for us please <3 midile east
A warm welcome from a fellow ice cream fan in Cedar Rapids today.	a warm welcome shaking a red headed girls hand
The news today: Romney and Republicans outraised us in June—and that's not even including money to pro-Romney super PACs. We're building our campaign the right way—with small donations from grassroots supporters like you. Help close the gap by chipping in $3 now: http://OFA.BO/uvDKgP	I garuntee if obama put 90% of his campaign funds into charities that helped americas working poor, he would by far win the election. 
High five.	I garuntee if obama put 90% of his campaign funds into charities that helped americas working poor, he would by far win the election. 
The guy on the left made $100 million in June. Help the guy on the right protect the progress we’ve made: http://OFA.BO/3oVsHu	The guy on the left I don't/won't trust... the guy on the right is the ONLY wise choice!
Happy Fourth of July, everyone!	Happy Fourth of July, Mr President!
Hope everyone gets in a little family time this weekend.	its so amazing! Anyway ,who he is,in this moment he is just a dad!
Today is one of the most important fundraising deadlines of this campaign so far. Support President Obama by pitching in $3 before midnight: http://OFA.BO/xf2UH2	i'm done pitching in, so is the rest of the USA
Cue a little night music: http://OFA.BO/zfDGi1	"Do a little dance, make a little love, get down tonight!"
Supporters like you have driven this campaign from the beginning, and how we move forward is up to you. Take our quick survey to weigh in: http://OFA.BO/Wb6AG3	We can define our own lives not by what happens to us, but by how we respond. We can choose to carry on, and make a difference in the world.”lol
Proud.	We can define our own lives not by what happens to us, but by how we respond. We can choose to carry on, and make a difference in the world.”lol
A must-read article on Mitt Romney's record of outsourcing jobs overseas: http://OFA.BO/sYdqBQ	A must-read article on Mitt Romney's record of outsourcing jobs overseas lol.GBU
Hug.	A must-read article on Mitt Romney's record of outsourcing jobs overseas lol.GBU
Everybody needs somebody to lean on.	Hopefully everyone has somebody to lean on.  :-)
President Obama signs one of Luz’s drawings during her family’s visit to the White House.	It's the look of "sign buddy, this will be worth millions by the time I'm 80!" look. priceless!
What does change mean to you? Share your answer by taking a photo, making some art, or recording a video: http://OFA.BO/bcQrFJ	This is a serious question and the majority of you are a disgrace to America.Don't even waste your time commenting if your NOT serious.Smh 
A hug, circa 1992.	I was born that year, on October 18 1992 :)
Obama for America - Iowa volunteers were fired up for the grassroots event in Des Moines—and rain or shine, they were ready to go.	Smart man, my plan is to make sure everyone in my family get to the polls, even if I have to take them. Obama for 4 more years!
President Obama on the power of a volunteer: "When you decide it’s time for change to happen, you know what? Change happens." Get involved in your own community: http://OFA.BO/miGbTv	I believe that you are going to get to be the president for the next four years and i will support  you!!!!!...So good job Barack Obamaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!
President Obama speaks to a full house in Des Moines, Iowa.	Agreed the Democrats must win this election with a majority in the house to keep the Country moving forward.
High five.	Agreed the Democrats must win this election with a majority in the house to keep the Country moving forward.
"The job of a president is to lay the foundation for strong and sustainable broad-based growth—not one where a small group of speculators are cashing in on short-term gains. It's to make sure that everybody in this country gets a fair shake; everybody gets a fair shot; everybody is playing by the same set of rules." —President Obama addressing Obama for America - Iowa supporters on Thursday	Mr. President, thanks for being a man of integrity. Ignore those who simply have stopped dreaming of what can be wonderful reality in this great land.
The story behind a famous photograph: http://OFA.BO/hKctGa	aww,so honest,i would of done the same, like is this a dream
“We can define our own lives not by what happens to us, but by how we respond. We can choose to carry on, and make a difference in the world.”—President Obama delivering the commencement address to Joplin High School’s graduating seniors, a year after a tornado devastated their Missouri town	Or we can be dictated to by a government who really doesn't give a stuff about its own people!!
Clear eyes, full hearts.	Putin would have done this with his shirt off and a grenade.
Obama for America - Pennsylvania volunteers had the President’s back this weekend.	I love this guy thanks to him I got permanent residency in the U.S. law for widowsMr. President, I wish best of luck in the upcoming elections
Jennifer’s tallying up all the voters she registered from her first time canvassing with Obama for America - Ohio. Join volunteers in your own community: http://OFA.BO/Xex2Bs	Of corse, Mr Obama again..He are the best President for 'United States'.
Registering to vote was easy for this pet owner—just a quick pit stop while walking the dog.	all the dog getting ready to vote dwl
Matt’s a pro at voter registration, so he paired up with a new Obama for America – Colorado volunteer this weekend to go knock on doors and talk to voters.	Don't worry, Hoobee Lam, I'm working it off by going to door to door, supporting the President.  :)
Obama for America - Virginia's Team Stafford were fired up to get folks registered, with clipboards at the ready. Get the facts on what you need to vote in your own community: http://OFA.BO/1PBGmN	You Guys are the greatest! I stand with you in your resolve to give Barack a second term!
Union members in Lynn, MA get ready to register voters. (via Obama for America - Massachusetts)	President  Obama.. I vote  for  you  for 4 more yrs. It's just the republican.don't want you 4 more yrs.....There is so much GREED in  the republicans team...
Ann and Barack at his high school graduation.	This is simply amazing. From graduating from high school to president.
Barack and his mother during his high school years.	who knew. our president had a fro when he was in high school
Ann Dunham said her son “can do anything he ever wants in the world, even be president of the United States.”	Pretty and smart!Little did  she know what she was saying would someday be our history.President Obama has his mother's smile.
Horseback-riding.	Pretty and smart!Little did  she know what she was saying would someday be our history.President Obama has his mother's smile.
Barack Obama and his mother, Ann, in 1963.	you mean while they were conspiracy-ing in anticolonialist kenya? where he was secretly born despite all documentation to the contrary?
Ann, Barack, and Stanley, his grandfather, in the 1970s.	President Obama in his gorpy ore-teen years. 
“If people ask you what this campaign is about, you tell them it’s still about hope. It’s still about change.”—President Obama	may gives you more strength to do you work
Not back.	may gives you more strength to do you work
"When enough of you knock on doors, when you pick up phones, when you talk to your friends, when you decide that it’s time for change to happen, guess what? Change happens. Change comes to America."	change take time and alot of effort together as one we can do it america!
President Obama and the First Lady onstage together at the first rally of 2012.	Looks like everyone was in Columbus to see President Obama and First Lady Michelle.  Lots of people fired up and ready to go!
First Lady Michelle Obama introducing the President: "If we want to keep on moving forward, then we need to work our hearts out for the man that I have the pleasure of introducing here today."	The Obamas are going to need every last one of us come November....Are You In ?
President Obama at the podium.	I believed in your vision for America and the world at large, In you lie the future for a greater America.
President Obama on 2008: "I didn’t run, and you didn’t work your hearts out, just to win an election. We came together to reclaim the basic bargain that built the largest middle class and the most prosperous nation on Earth."	wel- come once again,Mr President for better to give more chance·  to do best of the country without the war. vote for mr.president OBAMA.
Four more years.	Four more years, Four more years,                           Four more years!
President Obama in Columbus today, kicking off the first rally of this campaign	Whish you all of the Luck. Looking out for the second term.
"We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America."—Barack Obama	If this is true, the wealthy are also part of the United States. Stop axtively resenting their successes in order to put all classes of Americans back to work!!
President Obama at the Women's Leadership Forum yesterday. Share this quote if you agree that women should have control over their own health decisions. (via Truth Team)	No, no, no! My *employer* should make all of my health decisions for me according to his own moral and religious beliefs. Why should I have any say in it?
“Remembrance without resolve is a hollow gesture. Awareness without action changes nothing. In this sense, 'never again' is a challenge to us all—to pause and to look within.”—President Obama today at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum	And precisely due to the Holocaust the Jewish State should "pause and look within" to ask if what it's doing to the Palestinians is right.
Check out a new timeline showing three years of progress for the LGBT community—from anti-bullying campaigns to the repeal of “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell.” Then share it with your friends: http://OFA.BO/Hfe7C7	These are all steps in the right direction...but it's NOT enough. It's time to push for full and equal rights, INCLUDING marriage, for ALL LGBT people.
Photo of the day: President Obama sits on the bus where Rosa Parks' protest began the historic Montgomery Bus Boycott. Photo via African Americans for Obama.	President Obama sits on the bus where Rosa Parks' protest began the historic Montgomery Bus Boycott
Today is Bo’s third anniversary as First Dog. Join in the celebration on Pet Lovers for Obama and give him a virtual pat on the head with a note: http://OFA.BO/NVhJFT	Stop trying to distract people from the promises you failed to keep! Your the leader of a global super power not a dog groomer!
By all accounts, it was a good dinner. Make sure you put your name in the hat for the next chance to have dinner with the President: http://OFA.BO/VMH4dG	what a great set of photos, they look so relaxed.  They can come to dinner at my house any time they want.
The Obamas introduce themselves to Mitch, whose wife, Judy, won two spots at the table.	Nice for the president and first lady to reach out to their supporters in this way! It shows they care. They have my full support!
A look around the table: Bob and ReGina, John and Cathleen, Michelle and Barack, and Judy and Mitch.	So down to earth!Love this photo and shows how in touch First Lady Michelle and Mr. President Barack Obama are.:-) 2012 Yes We Can!
John and Cathleen get a solid round of laughs from the President and First Lady.	What I like best is the way the love between Barak and Michelle shows through in a casual way, like his arm aound her at the table.
The First Lady is a self-proclaimed “hugger,” as winner ReGina’s father found out for himself.	What a hugg, by Michelle she is for real, love her.
ReGina on the dinner conversation with the Obamas: “They just instantly joined in and they immediately put us all at ease. We did talk some about policy, and also told a lot of funny stories. There really were times when I forgot that I was talking to the President and First Lady because they were so comfortable with us."	The only chance for America is Obama!The people of all over the world loves Obama!You can do it and we believe in you!!!!kiss
Take a tour of the new Barack Obama Facebook timeline to see the story of this president and this organization as told from the very beginning.	well considering he is the first black president, and i am a black man...then we have the same date of birth.
The Barack Obama Facebook page is now a timeline. Take a look back through the photos and videos that tell the president's story, and the story of the progress we’ve made together.	Any photos of Obama signing the NDAA into law on New Years Eve well everyone else was partying?
Attendees lined up to ask the panel questions about health care during the Q&A portion of the event.	lordie, lordie! I'd worry if I had to support anyone!!! on the other side.
Valerie Jarrett, Democratic strategist, addressed the audience.	I believe you will make it again Mr. president in the name of the Lord!!! 
Actress Gabrielle Union, an Obama 2012 supporter, moderated the event.	Let him remain in the white house for another 4years
Students in the audience listening to the on-stage discussion.	Chap.2 Ecclesiastes, 24. As for the man there is nothing better than actually eat and drink and have your soul good to see because of their hard work.
Obama 2012 volunteers and staff checked in on the number of voter registration forms that were turned in.	Yes we need all the voters we can get while the Idiots fight against each other in the President debate. I'm talking bout the Republicans!
Valerie Jarrett, Obama for America Campaign Manager Jim Messina, Congressman G.K. Butterfield, and student Brian Kennedy talk about the economy.	There is a Black on that couch and she is talking. She is one of the President's top advisor and long time friend of the family.
Students registered to vote before the Greater Together Student Summit began.	With president Obama,this is the right way for the country to move farward,thank you...
Students in line catching up while waiting to claim seats for the night’s event.	Haha, I was going to say... now for another game of Find the White Guy!
Students lined up around the block to get into the Greater Together Student Summit.	Anyone going to the White people for Romney rally next week?
Sometimes a hoodie takes on a story of its own: http://OFA.BO/N1GCWT	I see a Woman's love for her Child and Vice versa!...The logo is just the Icing on the Cake!...;)
Close to 100 excited organizers turned out for a training session with Obama for America - Utah.	Chap.2 Ecclesiastes, 24. As for the man there is nothing better than actually eat and drink and have your soul good to see because of their hard work.
Fellows in Detroit were already making calls for Obama for America - Michigan.	I would have hdr'd this if I were you.  but then again, i'm not the president of the united states.
Fired up and ready to go with Obama for America - New Mexico—a team of Albuquerque fellows finish training and head straight into the community to build support for Obama 2012.	Great team of Spring Fellows. We are all fired up here in the Land of Enchantment.
It was a full house at Obama for America - Ohio.	Good for you girl!  What was the event about?
Class is in session in Orlando with Obama for America - Florida, and there's never a dull moment.	Where are the Obama for America - Vermont photos?  Is there a group yet?
All fellows have a chance to share their personal stories. At an Obama for America - Michigan training, Carolyn talked about how President Obama's student loan reforms made it possible for her to go to college.	I think of this as a change and all so an up out standing chance to gain success.
If you’ve been feeling stylish or just plain spirited in your Obama 2012 gear, we’d like to make you famous (at least by internet standards). Submit a photo of yourself with your favorite piece of the campaign for a chance to be featured on BarackObama.com: http://OFA.BO/Jjur3L	Is like to take a pic of the friend's couch I'm sleeping on and post it on boehner's page... Out of work over a year, and lost my house.... 
Need a chili recipe for tonight? Try this one, from the Obamas. Then share your pick to win the big game: http://OFA.BO/GbRXc2	Did I just get a chili recipe from the President?
Responsible homeowners could save $3,000 a year on their mortgages under President Obama's new home refinancing plan. Get the facts: http://OFA.BO/B3m8ni	Responsible home owners don't take out loans they can't afford to pay all the terms of
An Obama for America – Wyoming staffer gets his local campaign office ready for a Martin Luther King Jr. Day food drive.	The more I see the debates, the more likely I will campaign for you
Obama for America – Ohio supporters from Ohio University participated in a walk for the homeless.	Obama is good and it is my prayer that he wins the next election. May God help him in all ways.
Supporters from Obama for America – New Mexico marched in a local parade honoring Dr. King.	All the way for Obama in 2012!!! Yebaa!
Volunteers from Obama for America – South Carolina registered voters yesterday.	If only I could vote too as a Nigerian.
A volunteer from Obama for America – Alabama registers voters at Alabama State University.	Registering voters essential in enfranchising everybody.There are those who are trying to keep this from happening.Oppression has a neighborly face.
"There's something about her that projects such honesty and strength. It's what makes her such an unbelievable professional, and partner, and mother, and wife."—President Obama. Happy birthday to Michelle Obama. Make sure to sign the First Lady's card today: http://OFA.BO/5m3HAk	You are both so good looking together, and by the way, we loved your appearance on Betty White's birthday special! WTG President!! No other one would have done that!!! <3
“I know we will overcome. I know there are better days ahead. Let us keep striving, let us keep struggling, let us keep climbing to that promised land of a nation and a world that is more fair and more just.”—President Obama speaking at the dedication of the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial on October 16, 2011	more like...let us keep making the same mistakes, because most of MLK jr.'s speeches still apply today
“I was just thinking that here we are having a meal with him—it’s a sign that we have a connection, that he’s listening to what we think is important. He did say that he really enjoys these meals and that he really looks forward to them. You could tell.”—Kathie, one of the President’s guests for Dinner with Barack	a meal with Obama will be interesting, got so many questions to ask. my vote, still thinking about it.
Scott, Valarie, Kathie, and Bill—four campaign supporters who won our recent Dinner with Barack contest—share a meal with President Obama.	Good for them! I would have loved to have won that and shared dinner with our great president.
Mitt Romney said at last night's GOP debate that he'd like to give "relief" to the middle class—but an analysis of his tax plan tells the opposite story. Share this chart with any friends or family who should have the facts.	Let us remember who has ruined the the middle class over the last 30 years and want to bury it for good.  And it isn't the Democrats, progressives or liberals.
Mitt Romney claimed this morning that he created more jobs in Massachusetts as governor "than this president's created in the entire country." This chart shows the reality of President Obama's strong record on job creation—21 straight months of it. Share it with your friends to get the truth out.	blah, blah, blah...if Obama's record is so stellar - why did he have to create a "jobs stimulus" program.  This is your last year and term...enjoy it while you can.
From all of us on the campaign, thanks for an amazing 2011—and here's to a great 2012.	Happy New Year, and looking forward to 4 more years of President Obama, a man for the people!
What are you looking forward to in 2012?	I am looking forward to committing to 4 more years of President Obama leading our country back to sanity.
Matt Romney says his dad Mitt will release his tax returns "as soon as" President Obama releases his birth certificate. Guess he hasn't seen our mugs?	Why would you even be on here if you don't support Obama??He showed his birth certificate already.GET A LIFE!!!
“You have done what the cynics said we couldn’t do.” —President Obama on the night of his Iowa caucus victory nearly four years ago	The President had to fix the Bushs' mess-he has done a great job!!!You have my vote for 2012!!!!Get on board...
Photo of the day: Eight-month-old Cooper grabs President Obama's face while taking a picture with his parents on Christmas Day at Marine Corps Base Hawaii.	One would think that after dealing with Boehner and the lot, he would be tired of babies putting words in his mouth....
We're excited to announce the three winners of our Art Works design contest—Jeff, Edgar, and Amanda. Check out their winning poster designs, and get a print for your own walls here: http://OFA.BO/Kv8aEr	Are the winners going to be honoured, Mr President, by being allowed to put their fingers right in your mouth???
President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wish you a merry Christmas, with a special message of thanks to the military families being reunited this holiday.	Thanks a million Mr and Mrs POTUS, wishing u the very best of the season.My regards to Obamalets.
Get to know the first-ever national standards to reduce mercury and other toxic air pollution: http://OFA.BO/gBa7k5	I could have the best job in the world and air quality would still be important to me. Just saying.
Families don’t always agree—especially when it comes to politics. So here are some tips for talking to yours about joining the 2012 campaign—just in time for the holidays.	When it comes to my family, we are all on the same page when it come to President Obama.  We will be voting for him in 2012...Yes we will!!!!! 
Today marks the one-year anniversary of President Obama signing the bill to repeal “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” http://OFA.BO/9eKnDh	I would be much happier if this photo was of president Obama signing the veto of the NDAA of 2012.
President Obama announced a once-in-a-generation step forward for the environment and public health today—the first-ever national standards to limit mercury, arsenic, and other toxic air pollution from power plants.	But, these regulations will limit freedom of companies to destroy the planet and living things, and will take away jobs....
President Obama spoke to reporters after Republicans in the House of Representatives voted to once again block an extension of the payroll tax cut.	I say let's vote to block them from ever being majority in the house...EVER!!! 
Emily, a college student from Nebraska, explains how President Obama's work for health care reform affects her life every day.	Paul, a college student from California, explains how President Obama's work for civil liberties disappoints him every day.
With our remaining troops returning from Iraq before the end of the year, learn how the President is working to support our veterans once they’re home.	Thank you to Obama and his administration for bringing our troops home!!!!!!
The new Obama family portrait!	Beautiful family photo, Love this family <3
This week, news broke that the Affordable Care Act has already helped even more Americans than expected. Our new infographic takes a by-the-numbers look at how the ACA is helping millions of young people and seniors: http://OFA.BO/QuS7PW	4 more years would run this country all the way into the ground NObama I think he has done enough to this country already
Quote of the day: “No words, no ceremony can provide full tribute to the sacrifices that have brought this day to pass.” - Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, on the end of the war in Iraq	this is not the end of the war, EEUU will put his nose in iraq till they have the oil there...
With our remaining troops in Iraq heading home in time for the holidays, President Obama thanked troops at Fort Bragg today for their service.While the war may be ending, the President’s commitment to servicemembers and their families is as strong as ever.	Anyone that doesn't like the troops coming home from Iraq then should go in their place--that includes McCain-Cheney and the other idiots.
Quote of the day: "And in the quiet of night, you will recall that your heart was once touched by fire. You will know that you answered when your country called; you served a cause greater than yourselves; you helped forge a just and lasting peace with Iraq, and among all nations. I could not be prouder of you, and America could not be prouder of you." - President Obama at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, honoring combat veterans coming home from Iraq	America could be a lot prouder of them actually. I support the armed forces, but Iraq was just not a good move no matter how you look at it.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 2.5 million young Americans have gained health insurance—more than double the original estimate of 1 million young people helped: http://OFA.BO/bPMFt8	I'd like to point out, that the 2.5 million are on their parent's insurance. Not on welfare or being paid for by the taxpayers.
Quote of the day: "A new day is upon us. And let us never forget those who gave us this chance—the untold number of Iraqis who've given their lives; more than one million Americans, military and civilian, who have served in Iraq; nearly 4,500 fallen Americans who gave their last full measure of devotion; tens of thousands of wounded warriors, and so many inspiring military families." - President Obama on the end of the Iraq war	Give thanks for the courage of all our heroes, in every war & military action that has allowed true democracy to flourish, that all people may be free!
Wondering how the middle class has fared over the last 50 years—and what President Obama plans to do about it?	Leave small businesses alone and us middle class will do just fine.  It wasn't until you Dems started raising taxes all over the place that the middle class has suffered.
After making a press statement today, President Obama was asked what his reaction is to Republican presidential candidates who accuse him of "appeasement" in his approach to foreign policy. Here was his response.	He delivered that response like a BOSS. "Ask Osama how my foreign policy felt after his brains hit the floor"
What would President Obama’s middle-class tax cut of $1,500 mean for you? Let us know in the comments.	I would worry less about fronting more money for taxes in the spring. It would help to start a savings account.
Quote of the day: "A strong middle class can only exist in an economy where everyone plays by the same rules, from Wall Street to Main Street." –President Obama speaking today in Osawatomie, Kansas	Let show the certain effort to convince me the  middle class in an economy can be strong
Quote of the day: "A year ago at this time, both parties came together to cut payroll taxes for the typical American family by about $1,000.If Congress fails to renew this tax cut before then, that same family will see a tax hike of about $1,000 a year." -President Obama, urging Congress today to extend the payroll tax cut	What about all of the unemployed that have to pay taxes on unemployment??????
Jeff, from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/BprvTs	America's buetiful. Oneday I wanna move from south africa but, Barrack is it possibe for me to even get a job in the states.?
Edgar, from El Paso, Texas. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/ZqeAe5	I like it for the military, but the scope needs to be larger for a national campaign.
Estelle, from Fairhope, Alabama. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/jgy1UN	this poster says it all.No house is above another...I love that and hope it will be used during the campaign.
Ariana, from Salt Lake City, Utah. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/vyDXdM	I'm a pacifist. But I still like this design.
Julie, from Seattle, Washington. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/aLSg4R	WORK on a poster isn't too smart. Mao Tse Tung said the same thing
Steve, from Boulder, Colorado. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/kdtUWc	The best poster from all the submissions!
Craig, from Reston, Virginia. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/1Ar8GS	Obama is the right person for this job
Terry, from Baldwin Park, California. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/yuhjgJ	This is stolen directly from a Yoko Ono art piece:
Tom, from Stone Ridge, New York. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/ZQNYCX	WORK on a poster isn't too smart. Mao Tse Tung said the same thing
Katie, from Coraopolis, Pennsylvania. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/B9fX6Q	I believe one day ill be working with my two days of "freedom" per week and take them calm.
Lauren, from Worthington, Ohio. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/wB21z4	All you US citizens that have nothing good to say, should just post on the FB page of the RNC and those Republicans.
Amanda, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/6afYba	THIS poster covers most of the issues, not just the military or middle class.  Nice classic nostalgia design.
Quote of the day: “[W]e can end this pandemic. We can beat this disease. We can win this fight. We just have to keep at it, steady, persistent—today, tomorrow, every day until we get to zero.” – President Obama speaking on World AIDS Day. Who are you supporting today? http://OFA.BO/stCyzC	We have the desire to win this fight I hope we have the will to see it through
But I’m already filled with the Christmas spirit … I want to give them a chance to redeem themselves.So as early as Friday … we’re going to give them a chance to take a simple vote on these tax cuts." - President Obama on Congress' upcoming vote on extending the payroll tax cut	To the stupid ones he is trying to cut tax not make them go up get it in  your head come on Mr President make this happen 
President Obama just announced who he's bringing as his guest for Dinner with Barack: Michelle Obama. Throw your name in the hat today to join them.	I've put my name in the hat every time & haven't been picked.I would love to share a moment with the president & the first lady.
Since we launched this campaign back in April, grassroots fundraisers have inspired thousands of people to join it. This week, reach out to your friends, family, and networks to help build this organization.	Thinking about having an Obama for America office at the Telegram Newspaper Bldg.  We have to work to get more people registered to vote.
Enter today for your chance to bring a guest to dinner with President Obama.	I shouldn't have to pay my President (like a raffle-ticket) to have the chance to win a dinner with him.  Just sayin'.
Quote of the day: “Barney’s passion and his quick wit will be missed in the halls of Congress, and Michelle and I join the people of the Bay State in thanking him for his years of service.” – President Obama on Rep. Barney Frank’s retirement	So sorry to see a thinking man leave the Halls of Congress and one who had a mind of his own and put Country first.
President Obama brought Sasha and Malia to a D.C. bookstore on Saturday to support local businesses and get a head start on their Christmas shopping.	Next stop the library to check out books, downloadables, and other resources for school and play to support public services and local and national businesses!
Show your Obama 2012 pride while holiday shopping at the mall or just driving around town: http://OFA.BO/SFgLAs	Did you watch 60 minutes last night...I reminded me of how people have to live in there cars and trucks...is so sad !
Having guests over for a holiday party? Protect your tabletops and show your Obama pride with our coaster set: http://OFA.BO/zRGSmy	Really Tony?I think you are going to be crying in your beer next November.Except for Newt the newt.
Show your support wherever you go with a rising sun messenger bag: http://OFA.BO/KPUebi	ilove all my famaly an you
Show your support for President Obama and Vice President Biden in this classic t-shirt: http://OFA.BO/xXEqx4	made in usa! I can see the union bug on the t-shirt! thank u...
Our crew sweatshirt looks good with jeans or leggings: http://OFA.BO/MriGJb	oooh, i really want this sweatshirt :X
Our red, white, and blue supporter pack has buttons, bumper stickers, and a car magnet. Pick them up as stocking stuffers for the big Obama fan in your life: http://OFA.BO/Z3iuQT	Go Obama!There is no one to run against you, you are sure to win 2012!!!You are doing a good job in a screwed up congress.
Raise a glass to the new year with our Obama 2012 glasses.	may B.O be a good inspiration to all over the world and specially to the people like me!
“Through events such as Small Business Saturday, we keep our local economies strong and help maintain an American economy that can compete and win in the 21st century.”—President Obama in a statement supporting Small Business Saturday. Join the President in supporting small businesses by shopping at your favorite local stores today.	I am in support small business always in this tough economy and in support of you Mr. President.
Get golf balls with our rising sun logo for the golfer in your life.	Will this CHANGE my golf game for the better?
Keep your keys handy with our Obama 2012 keychain—a good stocking stuffer: http://ofa.bo/pUuuWR	Are those your new house keys for January 20, 2013? I HOPE so.
Bundle up young Obama fans in 100% cotton with our Kids for Obama t-shirts: http://OFA.BO/TyskzW	Ugh, not only would I never in a million years put those shirts on my kids... buy I count down the days when that man is no longer our president.
Complete your mug collection with our Made in the USA mug: http://ofa.bo/QasGoZ	I live now in Madrid, Spain,but I vote by post and I want a mug with my President's face (mug) on it..Can U send to Spain?
Our limited edition 2012 ornament will stand out on your Christmas tree: http://OFA.BO/E6jt1D	Yeah, it'll stand out... That's because this is 2011. Why get an ornament for next year now?
Ring in the New Year with our 2012 wine glasses: http://ofa.bo/z5TxoE	I love these! CLINKing to our health and the health of our nation. GO OBAMA-BIDEN!
Don’t forget about your best four-legged friend this season with our "Barack’s best friend" leash: http://OFA.BO/eCf3ng	I miss my best buddy so much. Nothing better than a good friend.  
Every coffee break is a chance to show your support with our 2012 coffee tumbler: http://OFA.BO/wN6tvz	@ tim peek. we will find a cure for your hatred for success black ppl. ( move to europe with all the clear ppl.)
This Thanksgiving, we're celebrating the progress we’ve made over the past three years. What are you most thankful for? http://OFA.BO/uGWK85	I thought we were celebrating the progress made over the past 400 years.
Support the campaign today, and you could have the chance to tell President Obama what you're thankful for—in person.	I know you better be telling the President to speak on the #OWS!  That's what I'd be thankful for!
Quote of the day: “There is a profound sense of frustration about the fact that the essence of the American dream—which is if you work hard, if you stick to it, that you can make it—feels like that’s slipping away.Not in America.”—President Obama speaking in Manchester, New Hampshire yesterday	Life is dynamic in nature, but you can still change America for better despite the negative changes, so, the ball is in your court Mr President
Quote of the day: "When push comes to shove, are you willing to fight as hard for working families as you are for the wealthiest Americans?" - President Obama challenges Congress to extend and expand payroll tax cuts while speaking in Manchester, NH about the American Jobs Act	YES I am willing to fight for the working families but not for the wealthiest,they take take take from the poor & we have nothing in return,
Obama for America - Ohio volunteers delivered 166,481 additional signatures today to the Secretary of State's office to protect early voting.	Got to watch them for the following election
Mike, who served in Vietnam, explains what the legislation President Obama signed into law today will mean for his fellow veterans and their families.	I must to say than: Mr. Barack Obama is the first influence president but not the best... I wait for something for him in the woldwide. Ok
Quote of the day: “My message to every member of Congress is 'keep going.' Keep working. Keep finding more ways to put partisanship aside and put more Americans back to work.” – President Obama at a signing ceremony for the VOW to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, a jobs bill to put America’s unemployed veterans back to work	"Keep finding more ways to put partisanship aside and put more Americans back to work.”  - Shouldn't this be "START finding more . . ."
Today is Vice President Joe Biden's birthday—and we’re wishing him a happy one: http://OFA.BO/JfjQyN	I too wish him a very Happy Birthday.
In honor of conspiracy theorists everywhere, we're re-releasing the campaign's limited-edition "Made in the USA" mugs.	In honor of conspiracy theorists?  What about honoring the President of the United States?
This Sunday is Vice President Joe Biden's birthday. Join us in wishing him a happy one: http://OFA.BO/Ft6XCH	This Sunday is my birthday, too.  I'd love it if Mr. VP could wish me a happy one as I wish it for him.  =)
Everyone loves a comfortable hoodie—here’s our new Obama 2012 zip-up.	Well, the guy is good at marketing himself, but that is about it. Maybe Nike will give him a job in 2012 when he vacates the WH.
Quote of the day: “This is a good first step, but it is only a step.Congress needs to pass the rest of my American Jobs Act so that we can create jobs and put money in the pockets of the middle class.” – President Obama in a statement about the House's vote to pass tax credits that will help America’s veterans get back to work.	Congress needs to focus on the American Jobs Act instead of the SOPA bill.Jobs should be more important than the Internet when it comes to Congress. >:{
Our new infographic takes a look at the impact the GOP's proposed Balanced Budget Amendment could have on you. Scheduled for a vote this week and endorsed by Mitt Romney and his fellow Republican candidates, the amendment could force cuts in everything from education to Medicare.	but how come it took a election year for ss to get a cost of living raise mr. democrat
Quote of the day: “As it has been for six decades, our alliance is going to be indispensable to our shared future, the security we need and the prosperity that we seek not only in this region but around the world.” – President Obama talking about the long-standing alliance between the U.S. and Australia at a press conference with Prime Minister Julia Gillard	The only country to fight every war alongside the US no matter how much international scrutiny.......my hat's off to you Australia
A few days ago, one of our Obama for America – Colorado volunteers called up an ’08 supporter in Denver, and they had the millionth one-on-one conversation of this campaign. Campaign Manager Jim Messina explains what that means—and why our opponents won’t have this kind of grassroots enthusiasm.	The country needs a 'one-on-one' with Obama so that he can explain why he has not come through on SO MANY things we were led to believe would change.
Across the country, Women for Obama are stepping up to organize in our communities. Join Women for Obama today: http://OFA.BO/26UjGU	Sorry daughter, he's on his way out. Whoever get's in must help this job situation.
Quote of the day: “So make no mistake about it, you all represent the very best this country has to offer.And today, I want to end the same way that I started—by simply saying thank you.” – First Lady Michelle Obama speaking at a job fair at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam.Support jobs for veterans: http://OFA.BO/2xfBhf	I sure wish that you represented the very best this country has to offer!
This week, we're officially rolling out Women for Obama. Why are you in for 2012?	i'm thinking in the here and now.  what are you in for presently for the OCCUPATION?
Quote of the day: “We’ve taken incredible steps to reduce health care costs and improve care, but we can’t wait to do more.” – Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announcing the Health Care Innovation Challenge today: http://OFA.BO/Haos5d	I just wish they would take in consideration that even with the reduced health costs Health care is still too much for the poor.
Let our new t-shirt do the talking—spread the message that we can’t wait to start organizing while going door to door in your neighborhood.	I thought we didn't have to wait for change last time we voted for Barack. Seems to me this new slogan is a slap in the face.
"As a prospective teacher, I am of course concerned when I look at headlines and see that school districts across the country are reducing the number of teachers. The jobs plan will ensure not only that students have a more effective teacher-to-student ratio, but that there will be jobs available for me and others in my situation." – Sarah, who is studying education, on why she supports the President’s jobs plan	of course you will get a job under the JOBS plan...there won't be any money to pay for all these jobs but it sure looks nice on paper.
Since taking office, President Obama has proven his commitment to strengthening our military and supporting our veterans. Here’s a by-the-numbers look at how the President has taken action to support our vets.	Ken you need to support Ron Paul.He will get the troops HOME and take care of them.The most honest man in politics.
Quote of the day: “To all our nation’s veterans: Whether you fought in Salerno or Samarra, Khe Sanh or the Korengal, you are part of an unbroken chain of men and women who have served this country with honor and distinction.On behalf of a proud and grateful nation, we thank you.” – President Obama honoring our nation’s veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.	I want to thank all the veterans and all those serving now.  You are the reason that we have the liberty and freedoms we have in this country today.
Yesterday’s Senate vote is good news for families like Kara’s. “My husband has been in active duty since August, and I’m praying he gets to keep his job when he comes back in July,” she says.	That doesnt make sense, if he is active, that is his job, if he got "activated" then he already would keep his job when he comes back, by law. 
Four years ago today…	I was there four years ago, where you?
Quote of the day: “No veteran who fought for our nation should have to fight for a job when they come home, and I urge the House to pass these tax credits as well so I can sign them into law.” —President Obama in a statement today about the Senate’s vote to pass provisions of the American Jobs Act that will encourage businesses to hire veterans. Read the full statement here: http://OFA.BO/Xi2AQL	My gratitude to all veterans...if it wasn't for our military, we wouldn't be able to make all these comments on Facebook in the first place!!!
It’s time to serve those who have served us.	Leaders are to serve and not to be served
The GOP debate is starting in 45 minutes—now’s the time to choose which words you think the candidates will say most, and put your money where their mouth is: http://OFA.BO/1uxj4w	Maybe it's time that you put the money where your mouth is Mr. President!  It's time you stopped playing politics and looked at this economy seriously instead of pandering.
“My absolute favorite part of the job is our volunteers. I was in Nevada this weekend for the weekend of action, and to see our volunteers have such enthusiasm and such commitment one year out—if that doesn’t get you fired up to go to work every day, I don’t know what will.” – Marlon, Obama 2012 Deputy National Field Director	I'm here still waiting for campign office to contact me for the Where and When we are going to Volunteer and what section of town. Got Your Back 2012 Obama+Biden!
Tomorrow, the Senate votes on tax cuts for businesses that hire veterans. Tell your Republican legislators that veterans can’t wait for jobs—call the Congressional switchboard at (202) 224-3121, then let us know how it went.	Are you not the least bit worried that businesses will get rid of employees so they can replace them with returning veterans so they can get the tax cuts?
Quote of the day: “By standing with teachers and firefighters and cops, Ohio has sent a loud and clear message that will be heard all across the country: The middle class will no longer be trampled on. The people of Ohio are to be congratulated." –Vice President Biden last night on the defeat of Issue 2 in Ohio	Great stuff!.....let's send the same message to Gov. Christie  of NJ....we are tired of his attacks on our police, fire, teachers, and middle class!
Congratulations to volunteers and organizers across the country on your great work today—a special shout-out to Obama for America - Ohio for defeating Issue 2 and protecting collective bargaining rights for Ohio workers.	It is a victory to the middle and working class! This will enable better collective bargaining for all the middle and working class workers
Quote of the day: “And this is not, and should not be, a Democratic priority or a Republican priority. This is an American priority.” — President Obama speaking in Philadelphia today about new rules strengthening the Head Start early education program	I really like this comment, since I work for a head start program. It is such an important program for our children.
Keep your furniture happy and let your guests know who you’re behind next November with an Obama 2012 coaster set. http://ofa.bo/iXLn1M	Nothing says "I support the president" like letting your popcan sweat all over his face. -facepalm-
Make a statement by throwing an Obama 2012 mini–button on your shirt or backpack. http://OFA.BO/DieL2o	Vote 4 Obama, a man of his words
You want to stay warm this winter, but your cans never should. Cheers! Made in the USA. http://OFA.BO/iTuydm	the same to me !!!!!!!!!!!
Follow the First Lady’s example and get moving in this new American-made 2012 warm-up jacket. http://ofa.bo/qikDm4	Will you win 2012 because of this American-MADE jacket? Where is the fabric made, then?
Wear your Obama flair loud and proud. Our Obama/Biden button combo is made in the USA. http://ofa.bo/xgETET	i want my button !!!!I will live in USA in 2012......
Bundle up for your next campaign event in a cozy grey 2012 hoodie, made in the USA. http://OFA.BO/TpigBi	You wil need more than this in the salt mines to keep you warm, go to a canadian clothing page for real outdoor wear
Volunteer Eileen B. calling voters across NM: "People are supportive, they want the Jobs Act Now!"	lol ppl dont even know what the hell is in the jobs act.. how can they want it ?maybe it cos obama keeps chanting Pass this Bill lol
What Obama 2012 gear are you wearing to mark one year out?	I will buy one when i come to new york in one week!
A Wash U student registers voters	WashU for Obama 2012 lets keep up the great work everyone!!
Volunteers wind down after a hard day’s work of organizing in East Shelby, TN	God Bless all of you and thanks for all of your hard work
Canvassers Stephanie and Samantha gearing up in Las Cruces, New Mexico	aw  look at that,  you make it easier for them to get into this country and they support your campaign...
Albuquerque volunteer Anthony T. calling volunteers: "People are excited, they are signing up to volunteer left and right!"	How's that obummer hope and change working for you??
Register to vote	register to vote but OBAMA OUT!
Geaux Obama means Go Obama	I know the decisions you make are the best for our nation. You are the smartest man for this impossible job and you mean well!
President Obama announced new executive actions today aimed at helping America’s veterans find jobs. Let the President know you stand with him in serving those who serve our country: http://OFA.BO/HPSHLL	It anyone deserves this, it's those who have put their lives on hold to service in the military.
President Obama announced new initiatives today that will help veterans get back to work, including 200,000 unemployed veterans who served after 9/11.They’ll also have access to “My Next Move,” a website to connect veterans looking for work with employers looking to hire veterans.	Yeah, but most importantly, will they have a home and mobile access to be able to utilize this?
We're exactly one year away from Election Day, and it's time to kick up our organizing efforts on the ground. So we're launching a new interactive calendar to keep you in the loop from now until November 6th, 2012.	Seems like a cool dude.But no one can get this country back on track in 4 yrs.Bomb the middle east.
What if President Obama isn’t re-elected on November 6th, 2012?	Will not happen...you will be re-elected
Exactly a year out from Election Day 2012, our nationwide day of action is gearing up right now. Join volunteers across the country—find an event near you: http://OFA.BO/VC1fCZ	We're on this... we're heading out today to join hundreds of others in our fair city...  celebrating because we know that Obama will win in a landslide in 2012!!!
Three years ago, Barack Obama was elected President of the United States. Watch a video we put together with highlights from election night 2008 and the last three years—then commit to be a volunteer for 2012.	Yes he was - and a year from now, he will be elected again for another term<3
President Obama isn’t waiting for Congress to act—that’s why he’s taking steps right now to help homeowners, students, and veterans.	We are still waiting for you to take charge.
Analogy challenge: This week, Senator Mitch McConnell said that President Obama’s jobs bill “has one purpose: to divide us.” Help us complete this sentence: Calling a jobs bill "divisive" is like ...	calling a jobs bill "divisive" is like saying the jobs are the root of all evil.
Debi, a struggling homeowner from suburban Atlanta, is frustrated by Republicans' obstruction of President Obama’s jobs plan and supports his steps to take action where they won’t.	There must be a way to take care of this country when legislators won't work with you....
Are you a student working to improve the lives of folks on your campus or in your community? The White House wants to recognize your efforts.	a student working to improve the lives of folks on your campus?  you mean like the guy who deals weed?
Quote of the day: "John, you've been debating a commemorative coin for baseball? You had legislation reaffirming that 'In God We Trust' is our motto? That's not putting people back to work." —President Obama, calling out Speaker of the House John Boehner for the substance of recent House debates	Are they seriously debating a coin for baseball when our country is in peril!?!?!they all need to go.LOL
“President Obama's aid to students includes making loans easier to pay off, which means I can take more on my own and put less on my parents to pay. That way, they'll have more left to pay for my brothers' education, and possibly even afford to own a home someday sooner.” – Bri, a student at Carnegie Mellon, on how President Obama’s student loan reforms will help her	This is going to help soooo many people.I am a student myself and putting this cap on will help ease some of that stress of paying your loans off
Earlier today, Senate Republicans voted to block another component of the President’s job plan. The Rebuild America Jobs Act would have put construction workers back on the job rebuilding our country’s roads, rails, and airports. Let Congress know we can’t wait for action on jobs: http://OFA.BO/Un3Mu9	Shame of them! they really don't want to support Obama and they don't care if we the people have a job or don't.
Phil has been part of this movement as a volunteer, a community organizer, and a regional field director in Philadelphia.	Wtf?Gas hasn't been 1.83/gallon for a decade.
Quote of the day: “So all told, our aging transportation infrastructure costs American businesses and families about $130 billion a year.That’s a tax on our businesses; that’s a tax on our consumers.It is coming out of your pocket.	another way to cut the costs is by improving public transportation. Less cars on the road, less road damage
Quote of the day: “I've been in Washington 35 years ... and I've never seen a time when people have put their own personal political feelings over how we can get the economy moving.” – Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood commenting on Republican obstruction of investments in infrastructure projects that would put thousands of Americans to work	learn to indonesia sir, all of their own personal time just for looking or making a det."so we can get the economy moving"
Kerri-Leigh is a Navy spouse who thinks President Obama’s jobs plan couldn’t have come at a better time: http://OFA.BO/QPaJMG	Yeah, it could have come at a better time, like a year ago.
Quote of the day: “The single most effective thing we can do to get the global economy growing faster is to get the U.S. economy growing faster. That’s why my highest priority is putting Americans back to work.” – President Obama in an op-ed in today’s Financial Times about leading the response to the global economic crisis	“The single most effective thing we can do to get the global economy growing faster is to LEGALIZE MARIJUANA"
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow will stop the team at Obama for America – Colorado from registering voters. Volunteer to bring people into the political process in your own community: http://OFA.BO/A2gucS	helping the other guy! i like it...another 4 yrs of obamanomics and polictardation from his administration will be the jugger not around our american throats!
Jenn Whitcomb, Regional Field Director at Obama for America - Florida, talks about life as an organizer.	OBAMA’s second Presidency will be an era of prosperity for the United States and for the World !
Today, President Obama announced two major steps to reform student loans—and there’s a good chance they will help you or someone you know.	what if you're struggling to pay back your student loans? and aren't making the money you should be for your education?
Quote of the day: “Keep in mind, college isn’t just one of the best investments you can make in your future. It’s one of the best investments America can make in our future.” – President Obama speaking in Denver today about the steps he is taking to further reform our student loan system	If College is he best investmen America can make in our future. shouldnt the Government pay for college and should make university a right for everyone?
Become a part of a collaborative effort to tell the story of this campaign: submit something to our new Obama 2012 Tumblr.	It would be a great 'human interest' added to the trip AND he would get the votes of animal lovers across the US!
Earlier today, President Obama announced that the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.	Good Job BO; I hope to extend the same for others, and let all enjoy the harmoney of the peace-thanks Mr. president for being patient`
"Today, I can report that as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of the year. After nearly nine years, America's war in Iraq will be over."—President Obama in a statement this afternoon	He has to end that one. He needs the troops for the other wars he is starting.
Quote of the day: “We want the country to know your stories.We want the country to know of your sacrifice.And that’s what we want this country to do.” – First Lady Michelle Obama in St. Louis, recognizing military families and the work of the Welcome Back, Veterans program	After all, nothing can justify and defend what you and your allies did in Libyan, I hope the death of Mouammar Kadhafi will remain in your memory all of you!
It's a big moment: 1,000,000 people have chosen to own a piece of this movement. Thank you.	lol 1,000,000 people have chosen to own a piece of the "movement" hehehe
President Obama has a message for you as we approach the remarkable milestone of 1 million donors to this campaign.	Wow, Now how about you make a remarkable milestone and have 1 million donors donate to the poor and unfortunate???
"It is precisely because Dr. King was a man of flesh and blood and not a figure of stone that he inspires us so. His life, his story, tells us that change can come if you don’t give up. He would not give up, no matter how long it took, because in the smallest hamlets and the darkest slums, he had witnessed the highest reaches of the human spirit."—President Obama, speaking this morning at the dedication of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial	No matter how rough and tough the process of change shall take but surely somebosy will have a last laugh at the end of the tunnel
Lilla first joined the campaign in 2007. “Since then, I've just kept organizing, became a regional field organizer, and then a regional field director about a year and a half ago," she says.	how long was Obama a Regional Field Organizer before he became "The Organizer"
Quote of the day: "The world has lost a visionary. And there may be no greater tribute to Steve's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented." —President Obama tonight on the passing of Steve Jobs	That is what I was going to say on Ellen's Page...That is the first place I learned of his passing...RIP  Steve Jobs.
Quote of the day: “You want to be commander in chief? You can start by standing up for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States, even when it’s not politically convenient.” —President Obama speaking at the Human Rights Campaign National Dinner on Saturday	Mr. President, you have not stood up for the men and women in uniform until you started to campaign.
Quote of the day: "Here's what I understand: That as long as all of us are together, as long as we are all committed, then there's nothing we can't do."—Barack Obama	As long as all 27 of you are together, you'll always be out of touch.
Quote of the day: "With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs.I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now." —President Obama at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Annual Dinner Saturday night	With patient and firm determination, we the people will be pressing for you to say No to the Keystone XL Pipeline
Make a statement (fashion and otherwise) with our 2012 logo pin. Made in America. http://OFA.BO/DZTEG7	how bout putting an American flag on there instead of this Obama flag?
For your next tailgate or BBQ, make sure you're fired up and ready to grill. http://OFA.BO/afoiki	come over to me after work Mr Obama, I will make smalahove and norwegian lefse for you, your famaly and Bo!
Show your support while you're on the move with a 2012 car magnet. http://OFA.BO/5RhMDN	if i walk by a car that has one of these on it, it's coming off
Make every walk around the block an opportunity to show you (and your dog) are in for 2012. http://OFA.BO/zebV9a	Crystal Fam Can I get this for your dog?
Take your support to the ballpark and everywhere else with one of our new 2012 hats. Made in America.  http://OFA.BO/JhqPES	if he teamed up with new era and made a different cap like the ones with the flat front( i dont know wat its called)
Sport this particularly patriotic button and you’ll be showing your support for the President wherever you go. http://OFA.BO/otfUki	Bunch of HATERz...Respect Ur prez!!!Man has done nothing but try and better this country...ONLY to be sabotaged by the GOP!!!
Throwing a house party? Want plenty of bumper stickers to hand out to supporters in your community? This supporter pack is perfect for you! It includes five bumper stickers, five pins, and one placard. http://OFA.BO/bp2Ao5	need a sign for the front window of my house in the UK!  Bumper sticker would be useful!
Pin on an official 2012 campaign button. http://OFA.BO/2L8gQ4	Seriously, are all campaign products made in the USA? I doubt it.
Quote of the day: “Peace is hard, but we know that it is possible. So, together, let us be resolved to see that it is defined by our hopes and not by our fears. Together, let us make peace, but a peace, most importantly, that will last.” – President Obama speaking at the United Nations	I have lost faith in a president that supports the will of only the people who will get him re-elected. I am ashamed of your speech today mr. President. 
Together, we’ve fought hard for equal rights for LGBT Americans, and the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is only one example of the progress we've achieved. See what else we’ve accomplished over the past three years.	those of you that have deemed this "less important" than other issues-- was the civil rights movement (which had a HUGE effect on our nation) unimportant too?
Quote of the day: “Today, every American can be proud that we have taken another great step toward keeping our military the finest in the world and toward fulfilling our nation’s founding ideals.” —President Obama in a statement today marking the end of "Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell"	And, perhaps one day ALL healthy Americans can serve the country in the military.  The day is not here, but this is one big step in that direction.
Today, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is officially over.Millions of Americans fought hard to end this law over the course of nearly two decades, and President Obama is proud to have signed the repeal.Watch a video about some of the people affected by this law—then share it with friends and family.	I feel better and know I could help in this journey. We had a setting where most of the Divine Law men.
Quote of the day: "It isn't class warfare, it's math." —President Obama, announcing a proposed Buffett Rule today to ask millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share of taxes.	If we tax the rich, they will lay off people to make up the difference of the taxes
Quote of the day: “But we live in a democracy, and at the end of the day, I can’t do this all by myself under our democratic system. If we’re going to do big things—whether it’s passing this jobs bill, or the DREAM Act, or comprehensive immigration reform—we’re going to have to get Congress to act.” —President Obama at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala last night	it is time all the infighting stops and congress works they were sent to work not fight and argue do the job or go home
Save Ohio Early Vote—September 2011	We need a revolution!Ron Paul 2012
Quote of the day: "Give me a win? This isn't about giving me a win. This isn't about giving Democrats or Republicans a win. This is about giving the American people a win."– President Obama today in Columbus, Ohio, speaking about the American Jobs Act	this is about giving the US people a win.... yes u can!!!!!!
Quote of the day: “Make it personal. I think one big reason people pitched in through my page was because they saw how passionate I was and they wanted to help me.” – Danielle, a grassroots organizer, shares her top grassroots fundraising tips: http://OFA.BO/dpqFu4	It's personal to me--I'm Canadian and stuck in the US, so I may as well make it a better place now that I'm here!!!!
Quote of the day: “The right to organize and collectively bargain is a fundamental American value.Since its beginnings in our country, organized labor has raised our living standards and built our middle class.	Thanks to the unions for making all of our work life.. and all of our lives better.
Organizing is at the heart of this movement—that’s why President Obama made the time recently to sit down for lunch with six summer organizers to thank them for their work and share his own advice on building a grassroots movement. Watch the video, then sign up to volunteer in your community.	I wish he was as good at standing up to the republicans.
Quote of the day: “Now is the time for Congress to extend the transportation bill, to keep our workers on the job ...There is work to be done.There are workers ready to do it.And that's why I expect Congress to act immediately.”—President Obama, calling on Congress to act before the current transportation bill expires at the end of September	Now is the time for Congress to extend the transportation bill! I agree with this! Why Not?
Austin won’t be 18 in time for the 2012 election—but that only inspires him to work harder for the campaign.	desperate to the support for this next one aren't you
Quote of the day: "As today’s wars end, as our troops come home, we’re reminded once more of our responsibilities to all who have served. The bond between our forces and our citizens must be a sacred trust. And for me and my administration, upholding that trust is not just a matter of policy, it is not about politics; it is a moral obligation." – President Obama in his address to the American Legion today	When there is no threat and serving each and every in a world of peace  then who is your moral obligation too.
Quote of the day: “As we celebrate the legacy of those who made enormous strides in the last century and before, we renew our commitment to hold true to the dreams for which they fought, and we look forward to a bright future for our nation's daughters.” – President Obama, in a proclamation for Women’s Equality Day. Join us at Women for Obama for a discussion of what women's equality means in the 21st century.	...yes & thanks,..because,...time essence is moving forward,...& i like to put some 'history',..finished for the most part to say the least,...
With less than a month remaining until “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” ends once and for all, we asked what this moment means to you. With more than 10,000 comments, we pulled out some of our favorite responses. http://OFA.BO/5TQtYo	Its taken too long for this nonsense to be lifted. Your personal choices are YOURS no one has the right to say different
Quote of the day: "Five months after the disaster, while there is still clearly a long way to go, you have made remarkable progress: schools are beginning to re-open, businesses are coming back, homes are being rebuilt."—Vice President Biden during his visit to Sendai, Japan, one of the areas hit hardest by the tsunami in March.	Maybe we need to get that taken care of in Louisiana and the southern states that were hit by Katrina.
In July, Council Bluffs was hit with severe flooding. Obama for America - Iowa summer organizer Laura held a Day of Action to fill sandbags and make sandwiches for volunteers.	Nothing like a natural disaster to bring out the best in people.... Bring out the Best Foods / Helmmans, and bring out the best
As Hurricane Irene heads towards the East Coast, the White House has put together a list of resources to help you stay prepared and informed.	He has spoken...please listen for all of our sake. He knows all and will guide us down the right path.
Quote of the day: "The United States is hard-wired for innovation. Openness, free exchange of ideas, free enterprise, and liberty are among the reasons why the United States, in my view, is at this moment the wealthiest nation in the history of the world.” –Vice President Biden in China, speaking about America’s ability to compete in international markets.	How is the wealthiest nation in the world trillions of dollars in debt? If the USA was a person it would be living on the street
Less than 30 days from now, on September 20th, “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” will end once and for all and gay men and women will be able to serve openly in our armed forces. What does this moment mean to you?	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
Iowa 08.16.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
Iowa 08.16.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
Quote of the day: “By dint of vision, and determination, and most of all faith in the redeeming power of love, he endured the humiliation of arrest, the loneliness of a prison cell, the constant threats to his life, until he finally inspired a nation to transform itself, and begin to live up to the meaning of its creed.”—Then-Senator Obama at the groundbreaking of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial in 2006. The memorial will be formally dedicated this Sunday.	Dedicated to Michelle Bachman, John Boehner, Ryan, Walker and the rest of GOP;
President Obama's nominations for federal judges show an unprecedented commitment to diversity. But the delays facing nominees in the Senate confirmation process are equally unprecedented.	Democrats control the Senate and the delays for federal judge nominees were a LOT longer than under "O".
Quote of the day: “It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens, but we, the whole people, who formed the Union … Men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.” – Susan B. Anthony. Today marks the 91st anniversary of the ratification of the 19th amendment, which granted women the right to vote.	WHAT AN IRONY!!!That the people can not see the efect of the 19th amendment wheb they talk about others!
From organizing in Iraq to campaigning in America, Terron S. tells us how he came to be part of Veterans for Obama.	obama is trying his best based on what he got we all need to rally around him for the sake of the world
Quote of the day: “Don’t bet against America.Don’t bet against our workers.Don’t bet against our businesses.We have gone through tougher times than this before, and we’ve always come out on top.” – President Obama in Illinois today on the final leg of his White House rural jobs tour	I don't.  I Just bet against about YOU!  Not you as a person--you and your family are great--just about what you have (or better yet have't) done in 3 years
Quote of the day: “Today, I’m announcing that we’re ramping up our efforts to get capital to small businesses in rural areas.We’re doubling the commitment we’ve already made through key small business lending programs.	Moving back to Pappalion, Nebraska to take advantage of the business lending program.
We’ve added over two million jobs in the private sector over the last 17 months.But we’re not growing it as fast as we need to to drive down the unemployment rate in a significant way and to give people confidence.” – President Obama in Minnesota today	I was happy to read that Warren Buffet wants you to go ahead with the tax increase for the top tier!  We need more people like him in the Congress.
53,025 words—and none of them were “middle class.” Share with your friends: http://OFA.BO/hDhZBM	Funny how "entitlement" and "corporation" were some of the common words....now that's what you call "hogwash"
Mentions of corporations, reality shows, and being "anti-chicken"? Lots. Mentions of the middle class? Zero. Check out our infographic breaking down what the Republican presidential candidates have said in the GOP debates so far—and make sure to share it with anyone who cares about strengthening the middle class.	Obama you have friends all over the world who want you to be president in 2012 of united state of America. God is with you.
We counted 5 backtracks and 2 times the candidates doubled down on past statements. How about you? http://OFA.BO/GOPDebateWatch	This just posted 3 minutes ago and 113 comments....woooooooooooooow
Watching the GOP debate tonight? We’ll be keeping tabs on when the candidates backtrack, when they double down, and what they fail to account for at all. Use our scoreboard to follow the action during the debate and share your favorite reinforcements and reversals with your friends on Facebook or Twitter.	Your fired sir!!! I can not wait for the day you pack your things and move out of the oval office. 
Quote of the day: “To the millions of Muslim Americans across the United States and...It’s an occasion to join with family and friends in celebration of a faith known for its diversity and a commitment to justice and the dignity of all human beings.	"a faith known for its diversity and a commitment to justice and the dignity of all human beings"--- what a joke
This week sees the one- and two-year anniversaries of Justice Elena Kagan and Justice Sonia Sotomayor joining the Supreme Court. We're taking the opportunity to honor them and other strong women leaders in public service.	Happy one year anniversary Justice Elena Kagan and and Justice Sonia Sotomayor more power to women role models!!!
Quote of the day: “What the rule of law does is nothing less than to secure for each of us what our Constitution calls ‘the blessings of liberty,’ those rights and freedoms, that promise of equality that have defined this nation since its founding.” – Justice Elena Kagan in the opening statement of her Supreme Court confirmation hearing. Justice Kagan was sworn in a year ago this week. http://OFA.BO/yDL7BF	"The Promise of EQUALITY.....since the FOUNDING of this nation". What about slavery, civil rights, ....etc????? When does she think this nation was founded?
Interested in learning how historic new guidelines in the Affordable Care Act will help women receive preventative care? Check out our infographic.	I hope you can also share with us what guidelines will assist with preventative care for LGBT Americans, many of whom are discriminated against in the health care system.
Quote of the day: "Folks aren’t paying attention to the ins and outs, day-to-day of every single debate that goes on here in Washington.But they have pretty good instincts and they’ve got good values.But they want to make sure that everybody else is chipping in as well." – Barack Obama	I really just want to know that everyone here in the U.S.A. is going to be okay.
Quote of the day: "For all of the challenges we face, we continue to have the best universities, some of the most productive workers, the most innovative companies, the most adventurous entrepreneurs on Earth. What sets us apart is that we’ve always not just had the capacity, but also the will to act—the determination to shape our future; the willingness in our democracy to work out our differences in a sensible way and to move forward.” —President Obama	This was true until the Tea Party who have shown they are not willing to work out our differences in a sensible way or any other way for that matter.
Elizabeth, a volunteer from Georgetown, South Carolina, is one of four people who won our 50 for 50 challenge. She brought 50 people into the campaign during our national Day of Action on July 16th, when she and her neighborhood team registered voters in an area of town where few people are signed up to vote.	I challenge Obama to find 50 of his close  friends in Chicago or Wlashington, D. C. that paid their taxes.
Getting the unemployed back on the job, lifting their wages.Rebuilding that sense of security the middle class has felt slipping away for years.And helping them recover fully, as families and as communities, from the worst recession that any of us have ever seen.” —President Obama	Keep pushing for this people of this country, for in the end, we are all destined to end, but you actions today as President will live forever.
“It was this summer that I learned not what campaigns can do, but what ordinary people can do.” —Sarah, a summer organizer, on her experience organizing in central Iowa this summer.	I have also learned that there are way too many sheeple in this country. Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Matt Flavin, a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, writes about the need for employment support and assistance for our nation’s veterans as they transition from military to civilian employment—and how the President’s announcement today will help.	WTF....what about the rest of us! I understand veterans need help, but so do the rest of us.  Where are the training programs for regular people for the new economy.
Quote of the day: "You know, I feel real good about 5-0.Obviously, I've gotten a little grayer since I took this job, but otherwise I feel pretty good.And Michelle, you know, says that she still thinks I'm cute—and I guess that's all that matters, isn't it?”—President Obama on turning 50 today.	"And Michelle, you know, says that she still thinks I'm cute—and I guess that's all that matters, isn't it?" how sweet *_________*
“I don't know what this amazing group of summer organizers will go on to do. But I do know that wherever they go and whatever they do in the future, this experience will be a part of them—they're a part of the family.” – Sara El-Amine, National Training Director, on the last week of the 2011 Summer Organizer Program.	Mr. President: I want be part of the Summer Organizers but unfortunate I'm in Liberia. How can I join?
Quote of the day: "There’s already a quiet crisis going on in the lives of a lot of families, in a lot of communities, all across the country. They’re looking for work, and they have been for a while; or they’re making do with fewer hours or fewer customers; or they’re just trying to make ends meet… We’ve got to do everything in our power to grow this economy and put America back to work.” – President Obama	Then why are we passing the "debt ceiling" bill, which does the opposite of doing "everything in our power to grow this economy and put America back to work?"
Tomorrow, supporters across the country will be getting together at house meetings to plan local events, strategize about how to grow the campaign in our communities, and talk about how to spread the word about the President’s accomplishments. Laura and Forest, hosts of a house meeting in Virginia, talk about their plans for tomorrow.	I didn't know about the one in Barnstable until just now but would like to attend future House Parties on Cape Cod.
Quote of the day: “[So] many of you wrote, called, emailed and tweeted members of Congress to urge a responsible resolution to this crisis. And I want to thank you for that. The pressure you put on Washington is one of the reasons we finally reached a resolution, and the only way we could.” – President Obama on the debt agreement.	as a life-long Democrat, I urge both sides to help us get back to the "UNITED" States of America instead of the country of RED or BLUE!
Looking for more information about the debt agreement? Our infographic shows what it'll do, in one handy chart.	Many of us are still looking into information from your past. What makes anyone believe your going to give all the information on this?
Get the facts about the debt agreement straight from President Obama. Watch, then pass it on.	after this Debt plan I’m thinking we’re not that far off from competing in the Hunger games.. God help this Country & the world!raise the tax of the rich!!!!!!!!
How will the administration's new fuel efficiency standards help your wallet and our environment? Take a look: http://OFA.BO/p1XH7x	In addition to increasing the yields of a gallon of gas, we also need more mass transit, a better design to our cities, and green energy.
The 50 for 50 challenge to bring 50 new supporters into this campaign ends at midnight tonight. If you accepted the challenge but you're not quite at 50, we've got some tips to help you reach your goal.	How about everyone bring 100 republican voters to the polls?  now that will create the change that you failed to bring!
Earlier this week, a group of Marines in the Wounded Warriors program visited the White House to play a game of basketball. President Obama stopped by the court to thank them for their service and the sacrifices they've made for their country.	President Obama, thank you, for allowing them to come to the White House and to have a relaxing game of some good ole basketball...now, what an honor!!!
Victoria, a summer organizer in DC, explains why you or someone you know should apply for our Fall Fellowship Program: “You will learn so much about yourself and your capacity to be committed to a cause.The Obama campaign is only as great as its organizers."	No, Victoria, the Obama campaign is only as good as Pres. Obama himself, but thank you for your perceived commitment to our country.
Quote of the day: "The American people may have voted for divided government, but they didn't vote for a dysfunctional government.If you want a balanced approach to reducing the deficit, let your member of Congress know.If you believe we can solvethis problem through compromise, send that message." – President Obama	The way the senate is acting is childish! If they can't do the job, they need to be sent to bed(home) without their dinner(pay)!
President Obama addressed the National Council of La Raza, the nation's largest Hispanic civil rights organization, this morning. He reiterated his vision for comprehensive immigration reform that will that allow us to remain true to our values as a nation of immigrants and meet our economic and security needs.	Give an immigration reform to the students and the hard working people that want a better life that have no criminal records.
You’ve heard about our summer organizers—amazing volunteer organizers who have stepped up to be the next generation of leaders in this movement.Now we’re recruiting fall fellows to pick up their work and carry it forward in the months to come.Will you apply, or pass this opportunity along to a friend who might be interested?	I will help again with the campaign after I know that my President isn't giving away the farm to republicans to get a debt deal.
Emily F., a volunteer in Iowa, on why she's in: "This is really the people's campaign. Everyone has a fair shake and opportunity to shape this campaign. I cannot imagine not being a part of this."	Ditto! I cannot imagine not being a part of this.
Now, the fight for equal rights moves on. Here's the next front: repealing the so-called Defense of Marriage Act. http://OFA.BO/TvpzmS	But women still would be in the back of the pass. . .heavy sigh.
Yesterday the President certified the repeal of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell." Gays and lesbians will serve their country openly in 60 days.	so, it's ok to be openly gay in the military now?  DADT was put in place to protect gays in the military from discharge.
Today is the one-year anniversary of Wall Street reform. We made a video to give a quick overview of the law, and how it’s already working for you—watch it now, then pass it along.	Obama is a joke. He needs to just gert out of this country right now,step down and resign.
At 5:57 a.m. E.T. this morning, the space shuttle Atlantis touched down, marking the end of the era of American space flight. During their flight, the President spoke with Commander Ferguson and the crew of the mission.	Isn't this the end of a chapter in American spaceflight and not the end of the era of American space flight.
Thanks to everyone who helped make our national Day of Action this past weekend such a big success. Volunteers attended more than 1,100 events across the country, bringing tens of thousands of new supporters into this campaign. That’s a great start—but now we need your help with our next big organizing push on August 3rd.	yes of course, all people in all the word look fowards Obama to hope in the better future , it' s very important
“When I was knocking on people's doors during the 2008 campaign, it felt like such a gift to be able meet my neighbors, those who live close to me, and those who live further away and lead very different lives. Seeing a snapshot into their lives, and sharing a part of mine, made me feel connected to a larger fabric of America.” Lisa, a business owner, talks about this movement's impact on her life.	And we the Africans view it as a great achievement & a new way one can reach the electorates to have his manifestors presented. Keep it up mr. President
Alex, a summer organizer in Nevada, spent a day last week talking to folks outside the DMV in his community. Hear why he calls the DMV the Department of Meeting Voters.	He is talking to much today his third post in couple of hours may got frightned in dream last night
The Obama family watching the World Cup women's soccer game. Go Team USA!	our family is watching too!
As we get fired up for the Women's World Cup, we spoke to Katie and Jessica—two soccer fans and Obama 2012 supporters who will be cheering on the team today.	Should be required viewing for republicans - see what can be achieved when you work hard, play fair and work for the goals of the team rather against it.
Back in March, President Obama spoke to a group of students in Massachusetts of all political persuasions about the role of compromise in a democracy. "The nature of our democracy and the nature of our politics is to marry principle to a political process that means you don't get 100% of what you want," the President said.	Compromise is indeed the base of education, as education evolves, so does compromise... This is my interpretation of the presidents mind set listening to His Holiness Dalai Lama
Tomorrow, the U.S. women's national soccer team will play in the FIFA World Cup championship match for the first time since 1999. Wish Team USA good luck by leaving a comment on this photo!	Best of luck to the USA women's national soccer team team USA is always the best
"By all pulling together however we can, we're supporting progress and helping President Obama continue his service to our country." Dave, a long-time Obama supporter, tells us why he's one of the more than 552,000 people who have already invested in the 2012 campaign.	you should profile some of the people who helped your campaign in 08....I would love to see how well you have served them...
Hundreds of thousands of supporters helped raise more than $86 million in this campaign's first three months.That's an important number—but the number we care about most is the number of people like you who have stepped up to be a part of this campaign from the very beginning.http://OFA.BO/2Ei7Cw	I have a problem with the idea there are that many "little people" who contributed that amount in time or money rather than donate it to the local food banks..
Obama 2012 supporters made 680,000 contributions to this campaign in its first three months. And here's something we're pretty incredibly proud of: 98% of all the contributions people sent in were $250 or less. http://OFA.BO/caeoeC	We may be small, but together we can make a huge difference.  Unless of course there was some rule allowing for unlimited corporate campaign contributions ....
Over the last three months, organizers and volunteers have reached out to reconnect with more than 290,000 supporters in all 50 states. Nearly 31,000 of these were one-on-one, face-to-face conversations. http://OFA.BO/xbh1ZA	"Nearly 31,000 of these were one-on-one, face-to-face conversations."  Really? don't they have anything else to do this summer than waste their time?
We're filing this campaign's first financial report with the Federal Election Commission on Friday. But because you own this campaign, you deserve to hear the news first. Jim Messina has recorded a video briefing to share what we've raised, how we're spending it, and what's next.	Videos are great, but could you post a summary in the comments for those without an appropriate place to watch the video?
“For me it’s really simple: it’s a cause I believe in. And I like the T-shirts.” Erin, a mom of two in Oregon, tells us why she decided to become one of the hundreds of thousands of people to invest in this campaign from the very beginning.	It makes me warm inside to see that most people who hate Obama have the grammar of a third grader, and therefore will probably miss the polls yet again.
Have you accepted our challenge yet to bring 50 new people into this campaign for President Obama's 50th? Doing real organizing to get folks involved is the single best way to support this campaign.	It's getting harder to defend you among my friends, Mr. President. 50 is a big goal to ask for given what's been happening lately.
"We’re going to resolve this, and we’re going to resolve this for a reasonable period of time, and we’re going to resolve it in a serious way," the President said in a news conference on debt negotiations yesterday.	I cannot, in good conscience, support someone who advocates cutting Social Security and Medicare in order to make a deal with the devil.
We've been asking a lot of you—and in the first major test of this campaign, you delivered.Thank you.As a reminder of why we're working so hard to get the President re-elected, take a look at a short video from earlier this week.	Mr. President, We've been asking a lot of the democratic congress, party, and administration...no one has delivered. Would a second term accomplish anymore than this 1st one?
Today marks the 40th anniversary of the 26th Amendment – which lowered the voting age from 21 to 18, empowering young people to get more involved in the political process.	And thanks to the 26th Amendment I was part of the first group of 18 year olds to vote in the 1972 election for president of the USA.
It's a big moment: 475,000 donors now own a piece of this campaign. Thank you, everyone. http://OFA.BO/gPr8ve	You own a piece of the corruptionCongratulations to the sheeple
Broadway star Audra McDonald entertains the audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.	While undoubtedly an excellent singer... seriously?  A Broadway singer at an LBGT event?  Isn't that a bit cliched?
Speaker of the New York City Council Christine Quinn talks about her experiences at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event.	it should be president obama for  the solution of global economic meltdown and peace throughout the world,so go go go for Pres. Obama coz victory is yours
Neil Patrick Harris hosts an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.	He "suited up" for the event
Councilman Joel Burns, from Fort Worth, Texas, tells his "It Gets Better" story to the audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.	His story is one of the most moving I had heard out of this whole debate. Now let's get the rest of the country on track.
Former Representative Patrick Joseph Murphy addresses the audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.	...what?  allies have a place in this community.
The audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.	God has place you there. Save other african countrys because you are the world president.long live america long live barack obama.
The First Lady is in Africa this week. “I think the most moving part of my trip so far was seeing 92-year-old Nelson Mandela, and just thinking about his life," she says. "This man has lived through a struggle that few nations have known.”	I think the picture of Michelle Obama with Nelson Mandela was an inspiration.  Maybe a lot of you do not remember where their race was just a few generations ago.
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011	PRESIDENT OBAMA ALL THE WAY IN 2012 YES WE WILL!!
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011	Go Barry go 2012 ... Hello from Egypt
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011	BARACK OBAMA FOR 2012 JUMP ON BOARD!
Pride—OFA Colordao, June 2011	i am the campaign Director for Obama 2012 in Africa
Pride—OFA Colordao, June 2011	Obama 2012 !!!!!!! Aguante Argentina :P
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011	Barack Obama my 2012 president
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011	yes........mycool..................he is the best.1 .  2012
Pride—OFA Michigan, June 2011	because its for the 2012 campaign...?
Pride—OFA Indiana, June 2011	Obama for president cum 2012
Colorado volunteers registered over 30 new voters in Larimer County this past Saturday afternoon. “It was great to see what a difference we could make in just one afternoon,” one summer organizer said.	I like how everyone is saying the 30 voters were illegally in this country like it was a fact...
Summer organizer Janisse discusses her canvass route with a colleague.	love Obama with his approach to Burma
Summer organizer Janisse heads out to canvass voters.	I'll support to Obama for the next election
Summer organizers Janisse and Catalina check in on the latest field reports with Javier, regional field director.	Both Nature and Man are in agreement on OBAMA
Janisse, a member of the 2011 Summer Organizer Program, gets ready to canvass voters.	"Janisse, a member of the 2011 Summer Organizer Program, gets a funny text msg."
Summer organizers prepare campaign literature to hand out to voters.	need to get that one.....
Summer organizer Catalina talks about her experiences during the past couple of weeks, from holding one-on-ones to registering voters.	She came,from across the road,she had met the odd man, she was inspired to paint,the wrong picture. She is a Republican
Meet Alex: a father of four who's spending his summer learning how to be a community organizer. He says he hopes his organizing work will help teach his kids that if "they see something that needs changed, they know they can make a difference."	At the very least. It will teach him to be a Lying MF, like you.
Targeting waste and making government more efficient have been priorities for my administration since day one. But as we work to tackle the budget deficit, we need to step up our game.	You need to pay attention to exactly what your agencies are cutting. Some of it very important services for the disabled and conservation. 
Government is not—and should not be—the main engine of job creation in this country. That’s the role of the private sector. But one thing government can do is partner with the private sector to make sure that every worker has the necessary skills for the jobs they’re applying for.	Partnering with the sector will just be another thing the government will control eventually. Put money into education then jobs will increase over a period of time
Listening attentively to the story of the movement.	a new member of the class of the summer organizer tells his story.let's hope for some good listening skills,the sight might be blurry.
The 2011 Summer Organizer Guide.	i'am italian student...i attended to Master: Cts...it is a beatifull job...
A member of the new class of summer organizers tells his story.	this is the spiriit of our country
Break time on day one of the summer organizer training.	hehe there just happens to be a cup on the ground......right there.......
Members of the summer organizer class listen attentively as everyone introduces themselves at the start of the day.	www.barackobama.com/...click on the link to get all the info about being a summer organiser- I am in for 2012. GObama.
Summer organizers pay close attention to a training presentation.	Beautiful to see so many young people getting actively involved again. I am 68 years old,just came back from my 1st Organizing for America meeting.
Waiting for the new class of summer organizers to arrive.	All the best to the workers!  Hoping to hear an emphasis on the words, "Jobs, jobs, jobs..."
New Wranglers on the production line at the Chrysler Supplier Park.	When is the tour at Springfield Mass for the people affected by the tornado?
The final product at the Chrysler Supplier Park.	Good one Obama , production should be at the same place where you have potential buyers good step
World class manufacturing at the Chrysler Supplier Park.	LOL! Send them to Germany to see what some REAL world class manufacturing plants look like.
A Wrangler in production at the Chrysler Supplier Park.	is chrysler out in the woods?
Auto workers observe the production line at the Chrysler Supplier Park.	see.. typical americas.. 6 workers standing around watching a product go past.. i working marginally and 5 supervisors
“Our task has been to rebuild the future on a stronger foundation than we had before to make sure that you can see your incomes and your savings rise again.”	Yes.....I still remember what Mr. President said during his campaign "It's not going to be easy but we can make it no matter how high the mountain is"...
“I didn’t run for President to get into the auto business—I’ve got more than enough to do. I ran for President because too many Americans felt their dreams slipping away from them.”	Thank you Mr. President for pulling back the curtain to expose the Republicans for who they really are....so very proud of you...always.
Introducing President Obama at the Chrysler Supplier Park.	I wish the res would ce to southeastern Ohio at the Ohio university in athen Ohio . And get on view point. Call740-753-2154
“I put my faith in the American worker. And I’ll tell you what—I’m going to do that every day of the week, because what you’ve done vindicates my faith.”	MISTAKE!!!! Put your faith in God first because that worker can die at any time................we love you President!!!!
“We said that if everyone involved was willing to take the tough steps, then we’d invest in your future; that we’d have your back.”	Even if you do not have born in  US, but if you're helping America grow, you're an American.  http://youtu.be/tIekamBDiAw
Chrysler has repaid every dime and more of what it owes American taxpayers for their support during my presidency—and it repaid that money six years ahead of schedule.	What did we get in return? JOBS  Now, when will AIG and Bear/Sterns be paying back the money Bush lent them?
While there is more work to be done, we are starting to see stronger sales, additional shifts at plants, and signs of strength in the auto industry and our economy—a true testament to the resolve and determination of American workers across the nation.	Please place some emphasis on the fact that so many of our jobs we could have here are now being done in China and other low-wage, disregard for workers countries!
In a world where the prosperity of all nations is now inextricably linked, a new era of cooperation is required to ensure the growth and stability of the global economy.	NO, its not. There is not a new era of cooperation needed. You've got that backwar
The government's fleet of cars and trucks includes more than 600,000 vehicles, which means that we have the largest fleet in America. We will make sure 100 percent of the vehicles we buy are fuel-efficient or clean-energy by 2015.	Couldn't we reduce the amount of cars and trucks in America's fleet of vehicles. We could save so much money not operating them all.
We need to reward reforms in education that are driven not by Washington, but by principals and teachers and parents. That's how we'll make progress—not from the top down, but from the bottom up.	Sounds good, but in Florida our wonderful Government cut money for education.  When will we learn that education is more important than the way he is spending the money.
If we’re serious about meeting our energy challenge, we’re going to have to do more than drill. And that’s why the real solution is clean, homegrown energy.	I agree President Obama! We need to do this and do this now, and the fact that gas is $4 proves that we need to change to clean energies asap.
Clean energy jobs are the jobs of the future — jobs that pay well right here in America.	I hope I find one of these jobs that pay well in America.
We added another 268,000 private sector jobs in April, at a time when our economy has been facing some serious headwinds. We are making progress, and that proves how resilient the American economy is—and how resilient the American worker is.	That's what needs to happen. Private sector businesses need to bring the jobs back from overseas. Then the economy can recover and the worker pride can be restored !!!!!
We are grateful for our wounded warriors, who represent the very best of America. In their fight to recover and in yesterday's ride, we see the values and virtues that make our country great.	And all the unknown warriors who struggle every day to maintain the commendable values of our society - and are sometimes injured  because of their actions!
The Democratic Party has elected Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair. Congratulations, Congresswoman.	who cares?  not a single citizen of washington dc has a say in anything, thanks to republicans and democrats.  who cares?
Congratulations to the 2011 Commencement Challenge finalists: High Tech High International in San Diego, California; Booker T. Washington High School in Memphis, Tennessee; and Bridgeport High School in Bridgeport, Washington.	"High Tech High International in San Diego, California"
Yesterday, we remembered and honored two soldiers with the highest military decoration that our nation can bestow—the Medal of Honor. In so doing we also honored their families, who remind us that it is our extraordinary military families who also bear the heavy burden of war.	Thnk ou for noticing or recognizing that we, the families are also a part of our soldiers being where they are.
Just as it would undermine our future to ignore our deficits, it would also undermine our future to ignore the promise of students—young people who come to school to get a degree in the hopes of living out a better life.	it would also undermine our nation's future (our world's future, for that matter) to keep cutting education budgets...
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	We need you for another 4 years Mr President.Show The Donald, he doesn't run the White House.We want You
Crowds gather at Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom to hear the President speak. April 14, 2011	@Charai check out the dude to the right of the woman in the blue shirt. He's like "Can I get an order of those?" :D
Navy Pier before President Obama and event attendees arrive. April 14, 2011	OBAMA >>>> Did you get the Message >>>>> this time in your page >>>> next time in your dream >>>>all syrian people want........... .. Bashar al-Assad
Crowds gather at Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom to hear the President speak. April 14, 2011	Your a good president and I'll be voting again for you 
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	dream for peaceway on the world.....
Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom before President Obama and event attendees arrive. April 14, 2011	There's alot of new young voters to vote for you in 2012 .President Obama 2012 "Let's do it again "
Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom before President Obama and event attendees arrive. April 14, 2011	Some day I will be there...
Chicago's Mayor-elect Rahm Emanuel introduces President Obama. April 14, 2011	THE DREAM TEAM OF CHICAGO!!! WE DID IT BEFORE AND WE CAN DO IT AGAIN!!! 2012
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	U.S.A let's go to the vote we've only one president is OBAMA
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	yes yes yes obama for 2012
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	2012 ALL THE WAY MR. PRESIDENT.  WE LOVE YOU
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	Mr. Obama President of the EE.UU 2012
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011	Barrbie Gagliano ;YOU ARE A HATER AND A REPUBLICAN BUT NO WAY FOR YOU PEOLPLES WITH ALL OF YOUR HATERS ,YES WE CAN AGAIN IN 2012
Because you deserve to know exactly how and where your tax dollars are being spent, we've made it easy to get that information online for the very first time in history.	I don't question your patriotism, but I would like for you to ensure that the soldiers get paid before you do.
Last night, leaders of both parties came together to avert a government shutdown, cut spending, and invest in our future. This is good news for the American people. It means that small businesses can get the loans they need, and hundreds of thousands of Americans will get their paychecks on time—including our brave men and women in uniform.	it is better than a shut down...but congress has not done well at all to earn their pay the last few years...most of them haven't anyway...some have.
Every American can be proud of the lives we’ve saved in Libya and of the service of our men and women in uniform, who once again have stood up for our interests and our ideals.	we are very proud of our men and women and the military!and the rest of our Military HOME!!!!!!
A lot of people think health reform is just for the uninsured or for people who are sick. But one of the biggest proportions of people who are uninsured are young adults who are making the transition from college to a first job or graduate program. Now they can stay on their parents' insurance.	No one mentions that young adults who are on the insurance policies of parents who were forced into early retirement are NOT covered after they leave college or turn 19.
In an increasingly global economy, our partnership with Latin American nations is only going to become more vital. It¹s a source of growth and prosperity—not just for the people of Latin America, but for the American people as well.	Jobs need to be strengthen here first for Americans...being partnership with Latin Americans only means that the Americans will hire them for dirt cheap and leave us Americans behind...
As we celebrate together, let us take a moment to appreciate all that Ireland has given to America—the faith we keep, the family we hold close, the laughter and song and warmth we feel when surrounded by the ones we love.	Its a beautiful thing to celebrate the Irish culture and they have given to America
As parents and students, as teachers and members of the community, we can take steps to help prevent bullying and create a climate in our schools in which all of our children can feel safe—a climate in which they all can feel like they belong.	Also ... We must teach our children how to see themselves so that a bully's words and actions have the opposite effect!!!!!
Bullying isn't an issue that makes headlines every day, but it affects every single young person in our country. Putting a stop to bullying is a responsibility we all share.	Well NOT just for every YOUNG person but the way this country is going THE ADULTS dont seem to be placing a GOOD EXAMPLE themselves ;(
When we sacrifice our commitment to education, we’re sacrificing our future. And we can’t let that happen. Our kids deserve better. Our country deserves better.	we sacrifice our peace for your war...........
Getting our fiscal house in order can’t just be something we use as a cover to do away with things we dislike politically—and it can’t just be about how much we cut.It’s got to be about how we cut and how we invest.We’ve got to be smart about it.	our cost of living should be lower to be able to work with what  we got since we can't get jobs, pay raise, and bring jobs back to america.
One of the great joys of being President is getting a chance to pay tribute to the artists and authors, the poets and performers, who have touched our hearts and opened our minds.	Yeah. I would love Mr. Stephen Harper and all the Canadian Governements to do the same and respect artists as well as you do, Mr. Obama.
President Barack Obama meets with the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations in the State Dining Room of the White House, March 1, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Change is the law of life.And those who look only to the past or present are certain to  miss the future.
As we prepare to write the next chapter of women's history, we must carry forward the work of the women who came before us and ensure our daughters have no limits on their dreams, no obstacles to their achievements, and no remaining ceilings to shatter.	Women need to overcome the obstacles that are set up, and just keep leading in their respective roles!!!!
Instead of cutting the investments in education and innovation we need to out-compete the rest of the world, we need a balanced approach to deficit reduction. We all need to be willing to sacrifice, but we can’t sacrifice our future.	Mr. Obama, we need and have to work  hard for the future of the democracy
The U.S. strongly supports the universal rights of the Libyan people. That includes the rights of peaceful assembly, free speech, and the ability of the Libyan people to determine their own destiny. These are human rights. They are not negotiable. And they cannot be denied through violence or suppression.	What about our own free liberty and freedom of speech. We should have the same rights too
President Barack Obama talks with Vice President Joe Biden in the Oval Office while National Security Advisor Tom Donilon and Counsel to the President Bob Bauer, right, confer in the Outer Oval Office, Jan. 5, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Psalm 1:1Blessed is the man that walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful
President Barack Obama studies a document held by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper during the Presidential Daily Briefing in the Oval Office, Feb. 3, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Support Japan and the World  by Joining our Page!
President Barack Obama talks with Press Secretary Jay Carney in the Oval Office, Feb. 17, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The first world power may be directed by a cool and responsible man, in France it's called "la classe" (class)
President Barack Obama holds a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada in the Oval Office, Feb. 4, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Isn´t it a woman I see, in the room? She´s almost covered by a man....   (Magdalena from Sweden)
Vice President Joe Biden talks with Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., after President Barack Obama signed the New START Treaty in the Oval Office, Feb. 2, 2011. Behind them, the President talks with Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Ind., and Sen. Diane Feinstein, D-Calif. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Support Japan and the World  by Joining our Page!
President Barack Obama holds a Cabinet Meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Feb. 1, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The President of the United... No no no... Not only of the United States, is also the President of the World :)
President Barack Obama waits in the Green Room of the White House with interim Chief of Staff Pete Rouse, right, and Bill Daley before announcing Daley as his new Chief of Staff, Jan. 6, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	obama the best of the world  on the run
President Barack Obama joins a toast with Technology Business Leaders at a dinner in Woodside, California, Feb. 17, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	What a great picture.A collegial meeting in a small room with the USA's best technology minds.Bottoms up, Mr. President!
President Barack Obama is briefed on the events in Egypt during a meeting with his national security team in the Situation Room of the White House, Saturday, Jan. 29, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	May the directions of God be with you in this service and leadership. AMEN
President Barack Obama reviews his prepared remarks on Egypt at the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, Feb. 11, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Although I'm Canadian, and have nothing to do with the United States' political affairs, I was cheering on Obama all the way =)Keep it real!
President Barack Obama talks with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg before a dinner with Technology Business Leaders in Woodside, California, Feb. 17, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This so he can cut you off when there is a riot here in the U.S
President Barack Obama meets with former President George H. W. Bush in the Oval Office, Feb. 15, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Why meet with this old man who taught his son that everything can be solved by fighting-war,yet he was defeated by Saddam during the 1st Gulf war
President Barack Obama walks through Lafayette Square with Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett, Chief of Staff Bill Daley, and National Economic Council Director Gene Sperling after addressing the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., Feb. 7, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	His coming out of any conference in BANGALORE...!!???pissssssssss...
President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Bill Daley, and interim Chief of Staff Pete Rouse walk along the Colonnade of the White House prior to President Obama's announcement of Daley as his new Chief of Staff, Jan. 6, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Psalm 1:1Blessed is the man that walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful
President Barack Obama talks with FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano about the preparations for the severe winter weather impacting a large part of the country during a phone call in the Oval Office, Feb. 1, 2011.  (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Tell the Republicans Politics is also Hot in Kenya to slow down.
Working together to protect the environment we share, lifting up the best ideas wherever we find them, preserving the great outdoors for our children and for their children—that’s our responsibility.	Why not preserve this great country for our kids and  stop spending?
President Kennedy once said that a nation reveals itself not only by the men and women it produces but also by the men and women that it honors—the people that it remembers. When you look at the men and women who received the Medal of Freedom, it says something about who we are as a people.	I think also by the men and women it protects AND honours? As a blind person I think this is very important.
Within five years, we want to make it possible for businesses to put high-speed wireless services in reach of virtually every American.	Why will it take five years?  We have the technology, we need to connect our workforce to the job now, not five years in the future.
High-speed wireless service is how we’ll spark new innovation, new investment, and new jobs—and connect every corner of America to the digital age.	High speed wireless service means nothing with a bandwidth cap like the one recently put into place in Canada. Keep our internet affordable and unregulated!
Today belongs to the people of Egypt, who have made it clear that nothing less than genuine democracy will carry the day. The American people are moved by these scenes in Cairo and across Egypt because of who we are as a people and the kind of world that we want our children to grow up in.	This is the kind og world we want our children to grow up in not much has change since the 60's We as Black people are still being mistreated.
President Barack Obama greets the employees during a stop at Donkers candy store and restaurant in Marquette, Mich., February 10, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)	That's my President.Glad to see him being a regular person, at the register buying something.Just keep being with the people, Mr Obama.....
First Lady Michelle Obama: “One year later, Let’s Move! is a nationwide movement to give our kids everything they need—all the energy, strength, and opportunities they need to fulfill every last bit of their potential and achieve every last one of their dreams.”	Apparently there are a percentage of people out there who think this is an attempt to turn our youth into socialists by getting them off their asses.  Go figure.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama walk back to the Residence after joining White House staff on the South Lawn of the White House to observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Arizona shootings Jan. 10, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	A very had workinhg President,first time in my life I can be connected a President of the United State of America...==:).
President Barack Obama and President Hu Jintao of China begin their working dinner in the Old Family Dining Room of the White House, Jan. 18, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	And with some of the Obama drones out there... "Democracy" and "Republic" are 2 DIFFERENT things.
President Barack Obama waits in the Green Room of the White House with interim Chief of Staff Pete Rouse, right, and William Daley before the announcement that he was naming Daley as his new Chief of Staff, Jan. 6, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Beware to fufil the promise of the sunday law which is a sign of the beast found in the book of revelation
President Barack Obama speaks about the economy following a tour of Thompson Creek Manufacturing, which makes custom replacement windows in Landover, Md, Jan. 7, 2011. On stage with the President are the newest members of his economic team, from left: Jason Furman, Principal Deputy Director of the National Economic Council; Katharine Abraham, nominee for member, Council of Economic Advisers; Gene Sperling, National Economic Council Director; and Heather Higginbottom, nominee for Deputy Director, Office of Management and Budget. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Georges Washington,Abraham Lincoln,Ulysse Grant, John Fidgerald Kenedy,Bill Clinton and Barack Obama are the greatest president of the U S A.
President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and daughters Sasha and Malia (hidden behind other parishioners) sing during church services at Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C., Sunday, Jan. 16, 2011, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr Obama its good to see u among the pple at church me like it.
With pen in hand, President Barack Obama sits at the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office as Staff Secretary Lisa Brown organizes a stack of 35 bills for him to sign into law, Jan. 4, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Pray for people in Egypt, the govt cut off their Internet so they loose all communications with the outside world! Change is coming!
President Barack Obama, along with Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, former President Bill Clinton, and Richard Holbrooke’s wife Kati Marton, watch from backstage as a slide show of pictures are displayed during a funeral service for Holbrooke at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., Jan. 14, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Thank God, for allowing Past and Present to be apart of What America is made of Leaders and Followers, May God Bless you, Mr. President!
We’re launching Startup America, a national campaign to help win the future by knocking down barriers in the path of men and women in every corner of this country hoping to take a chance, follow a dream, and start a business.	the only way to help small business is to get out of the way.
President Barack Obama talks with FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano about the preparations for the severe winter weather affecting a large part of the country during a phone call in the Oval Office, Feb. 1st, 2011.	Hopefully this unfair weather will have its descent and then turn into a beautiful spring. Meaning i can't wait for the changing of the seasons
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama welcome President Hu Jintao of China at the North Portico of the White House for the State Dinner, Jan. 19, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	The President and the First Lady...gorgeous!!!
Director of speechwriting Jon Favreau and senior adviser David Axelrod take you inside the process of helping create the State of the Union address.	Jon Favreau???From the Iron Man movies & Daredevil?Cant be the same guy writing speeches for the president of the USA?
Let us forge a national commitment to support our extraordinary military families, not just now, during war, but at every stage of their lives.	Let us forge a national commitment to support our extraordinary military families, MY ASSIf you support our military, BRING THEM HOME!Your a piece of shit jail house whore lair!
The past two years were about pulling our economy back from the brink. Our job now is putting our economy into overdrive. Our job is to do everything we can to ensure that businesses can take root, that folks can find good jobs, and that America is leading the global competition that will determine our success in the 21st century.	I, for one, would like to see our economy in DRIVE.Overdrive is overly optimistic.
Let us never forget the values that the people of China and the United States share: a reverence for family; the belief that, with education and hard work and with sacrifice, the future is what we make it; and most of all, the desire to give our children a better life.	And the human rights, Mister President ?And freedom ?Aren't they the first wish of all people to get a better life ?
President Barack Obama signs H.R. 2751, the “FDA Food Safety Modernization Act,” in the Oval Office, Jan. 4, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The Best President in the World!
Honoring those who’ve served is about more than the words we say on Veterans Day or Memorial Day. It’s about how we treat our veterans every single day of the year.	It's about time we take care of those who work so hard for our freedom, security, and peace of mind. My heart and prayers are with them all...always.
President Obama was honored to sign the 9/11 Health and Compensation Act to ensure that rescue and recovery workers and others suffering from health consequences related to the World Trade Center disaster have access to the medical monitoring and treatment they need. Their selfless courage will never be forgotten.	it's Humane . We  all were longing for it from every part of the world.I would also add that Protection to Civilians Act , be also enacted , against terrorism
President Barack Obama takes a late night phone call with President Hu Jintao of China, in the Oval Office, after attending the Kennedy Center Honors, Dec. 5, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	That's being the president for you. You're being watched even if there isn't anyone in the room with you.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama take part in the Hanukkah candle lighting ceremony in the East Room of the White House, Dec. 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I like the Hannukah Tree in the background!
President Barack Obama checks his BlackBerry en route to the Oval Office, Dec. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	nice work of art...photography...and US President as the subject...gotcha..(texting in the dark?)..hahaha..luv u Mr. Pesident..and my respect to the first family...God bless!!!
President Barack Obama makes Congressional calls from the Oval Office, Saturday, Dec. 18, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The american president is probably the only administratorin the world who's working without a computer!
The Official White House Christmas Tree stands in the Blue Room of the White House, Dec. 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	I love Christmas so much! It's the best time of the year and everything is different. ;D
Members of the media are silhouetted against the blue curtain as President Barack Obama speaks at the White House Tribal Nations Conference at the U.S. Department of Interior in Washington, D.C, Dec. 16, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Love the contrast of the black and royal blue and love those silouettes!!!
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pretend to sing with an a cappella group in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House during a holiday reception, Dec. 10, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)	What a "down to earth" President and First Lady! I love this picture!
Bo, the Obama family dog, sits behind President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama, as the President delivers remarks during a holiday reception in the Grand Foyer of the White House, Dec. 15, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	see even the President of the USA has a little "furkid"
President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and daughters Sasha and Malia sing "Hark the Herald Angels Sing" with other performers onstage at the Christmas in Washington performance at the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C., Dec. 12, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Beutiful family Seems happy and in peace.Working with the light and goodness in the World as I see it.
Chapel at Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kailua, Hawaii, Dec. 26, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Hey, I've been in there. I was stationed at K-Bay back in the 90s.
President Barack Obama shares a toast in the Oval Office with the members of his National Security Staff who worked on the New START nuclear arms control agreement, Dec. 22, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Nice work on the START treaty! Cheers, here's to a safer future, from a fan in the UK
President Barack Obama waits in the Lower Press Office of the White House before the start of his press conference, Dec. 7, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The President of the World
President Barack Obama whistles as he walks along the Colonnade of the White House following a holiday reception, Dec. 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	President is cool as a summer day in the winter!! Proud and happy about my president. God bless the executive family.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama descend the Grand Staircase as they make their way to a holiday reception on the State Floor of the White House, Dec. 10, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Great photo!  Happy New Year to the first family.  Keep up the good work!
President Barack Obama jogs across the tarmac to shakes hands with people gathered to watch his arrival on Air Force One at Piedmont Triad International Airport in Greensboro, N.C., Dec. 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Song to sing in the new year, "I walk the line," by J. Cash
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama, along with daughters Sasha and Malia, sing during services at St. Michael's Chapel at Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kailua, Hawaii.	May the peace of Christmas be with the President and his family... today and always.
On behalf of Michelle, Malia, Sasha, and Bo, have a very merry Christmas.	Wishing all of the Obama's a very Blessed Christmas!
This has been a season of progress for the American people. We were able to find common ground on challenges facing our country. That’s a message that I will take to heart in the new year, and I hope my Democratic and Republican friends will do the same.	Well done Mr. Presdient, and Merry Christmas to you and your family.Remember that Jesus is the reason for the season.
Yes, we did.	Yes we can, Mr President! :D
We are not a nation that says, “Don’t ask, don’t tell.” We are a nation that says, “Out of many, we are one.” We are a nation that welcomes the service of every patriot.We are a nation that believes that all men and women are created equal.	RE:|"n"---------- Barack Obama We are not a nation that
When the child next door is maltreated, we all suffer. Every American has a stake in the well-being of our nation's children. They are members of our communities, and they are our future.	Thank you President Obama, It is each and every individual's responsibly to care and be concern about the welfare and future of our children.
President Barack Obama talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron during a phone call in the Oval Office.	Mr.Obama (AKA) Mr. President!! Chilling on the phone with one foot up in his house.
What all of us care about is growing the American economy and creating jobs for the American people.Taken as a whole, that’s what this middle-class tax-cut bill is going to do.It’s a good deal for the American people.It's progress.And that’s what we were sent here to achieve.	higher taxes for the rich, not LOWER ones, is the only way out of this mess. you know it. do it.
We need to make sure our kids have the energy and the capacity to go toe to toe with any of their peers, anywhere in the world. And we need to make sure they’re all reaching their potential. That’s what this bill—the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act—will accomplish.	If you focused on returning jobs to America - then all of the kids would afford to be able to bring their own healthy food.
This is a very proud holiday tradition—in snow or shine, in good times and in periods of hardship, folks have gathered to light our national tree.	i like the holiday tradition of a good old filibuster to set the president right and take the country back from the rich. Thank you BERNIE!!!!
More than 14,000 members of the military have been discharged so far as a result of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.”	makes you wonder how many of our deceased american soldiers might have been saved if the policy had been repealed a looooong time ago.
This compromise will stop middle-class taxes from going up, spur our private sector to create millions of new jobs, and add momentum that our economy badly needs. That’s how we define our success—by the positive difference we can make in the lives of our fellow Americans.	Well, we better hope that the private sector creates some jobs because we know that big business and the repub's are not going to play that!
Why is the DREAM Act so important for our country? Ask organizers, veterans, and business owners.	I guess it wasn't important enough for you to press for this in liu of giving the rich more tax cuts.  Such a disappointment you are Mr. President.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pose in front of the Official White House Christmas Tree in the Blue Room of the White House.	Our REAL First Family in the White House!
This Hanukkah, let us give thanks for the blessings that all of us enjoy. Let us be mindful of those who need our prayers. And let us draw strength from the words of a great philosopher, who said that a miracle is “a confirmation of what is possible.”	When the time comes, in the future, I think people will look back and see what an incredible job he's done with what was given to him.
Colin Powell is one of a number of former national security advisers, secretaries of defense, and secretaries of state—from both Democratic and Republican administrations—who have emphasized how important it is to get the New START treaty ratified.	@ What is its importance for our country, and what is the benefit of the statement, for the nation of Indonesia.
President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, daughters Sasha and Malia, and mother-in-law Marian Robinson help distribute Thanksgiving food items at Martha’s Table, a food pantry in Washington, D.C., Nov. 24, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Merry Christmas, hope and the most wonderful time with his family and the people you love, take care of yourself, I send you a strong and warm embrace.
President Barack Obama makes phone calls from the Oval Office to members of the U.S. military on Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 25, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Obama to his bookie, "Ill take the Raiders and the points for three large."
President Barack Obama attends a START Treaty meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, Nov. 18, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This is a black head in the tomb of white heads! God help you!
President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden walk together before delivering remarks at the Chrysler Transmission Plant in Kokomo, Indiana, November 23, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Really leaving up to his promises..... but in Nigeria here, they will not allow the right to do the job but bring zoning of presidency issues...
President Barack Obama participates in an arrival ceremony at Belem National Palace with President Cavaco Silva of Portugal in Lisbon, Portugal, November 19, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	the next one who will comment after me is a jerk!!!!
President Barack Obama talks with daughters Sasha and Malia in the Oval Office before pardoning a turkey named Apple in the Rose Garden, Nov. 24, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Adam in the Oval Office. Fabulous.
President Barack Obama is briefed on the situation on the Korean peninsula in the White House Situation Room, Nov. 23, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	barack obama is great , he have the perfect personality , he is geniues , he is the number 1 in the work
President Barack Obama departs Belem National Palace in Lisbon after meeting with President Cavaco Silva of Portugal, right, Nov. 19, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	"Mr. President, in front of the guests who have not had time to greet you he shouted, raising his hand....hahahahahahaha
President Barack Obama gets a high five from a little visitor as the First Family helps distribute Thanksgiving food items at Martha’s Table, a food pantry in Washington, D.C., Nov. 24, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Obama to the kid's mom, "I could go inside on him and not get a mouthful of elbow."
President Barack Obama holds a meeting on the economy with his advisors in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, Nov. 15, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	It's a great movement by the special meet with our Prime minister in Inida. India hope in future development.
First Lady Michelle Obama, with daughters Sasha and Malia, welcome the arrival of the official White House Christmas tree at the North Portico of the White House, Nov. 26, 2010.Standing with them are Chris and Brandi Botek of the Crystal Spring Tree Farm in Leighton, Pa., where the 18 1/2-foot Douglas fir was cut.(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	Merry Christmas to the first family! Have fun!
President Barack Obama wishes Vice President Joe Biden an early happy birthday after he was presented with a cake during their lunch in the Private Dining Room, Nov. 17, 2010. The Vice President’s birthday is Saturday. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	To: Vice President Joseph R Biden Jr. Belated birthday greeting (for 11-20.10) to you,may you have a long life, enjoying the best of health.Blessings.
The American people did not vote for gridlock. They didn’t vote for unyielding partisanship. They’re demanding cooperation, and they’re demanding progress. And they’ll hold all of us accountable for it.	¿The American people did not vote for gridlock. They didn’t vote for unyielding partisanship. They’re demanding cooperation?.......and!!!!!!
Thanksgiving is a holiday that asks us to be thankful for what we have and generous to those who have less. It’s a time to spend with the ones we love and a chance to show compassion and concern to people we’ve never met.	Spend time with people we love? You don't know my family. Thanksgiving to me is being thankful that I only have to see these people once a year! ;-)
President Barack Obama makes phone calls from the Oval Office to members of the U.S. military on Thanksgiving Day.	call me i'm in the military
Don't bet against the American auto industry. Don't bet against American ingenuity and the American worker.	Don't bet against America. . .PERIOD!!!  END OF STORY!!!
Today, General Motors relaunched itself as a public company, and American taxpayers are now positioned to recover more than my administration invested in GM. We are finally beginning to see some of the tough decisions that we made in the midst of crisis pay off.	Lets all raise a can of Four Loko in celebration! Okay, so much for that idea.
This administration is working to ensure that patients can receive compassionate care and equal treatment during their hospital stays. New rules will allow patients to decide their visitors—including same-sex domestic partners.	How sad that compassion and caring must be legislated to ensure that fragile people may have the benefit of emotional support from people of their own choice.
President Barack Obama wishes Vice President Joe Biden an early happy birthday after he was presented with a cake during their lunch in the Private Dining Room.	Haha! If I was friends with the President and he got me that tiny birthday cake I'd be mad.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh participate in a press conference at Hyderabad House in New Delhi, India, Nov. 8, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)	Mr.Obama, Great!! President. You have made the History in Asia.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Naoto Kan of Japan shake hands following their statement to the press at the InterContinental Yokohama Grand Hotel in Yokohama, Japan, Nov. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Our President with his hand over his heart in front of  The American Flag...
President Barack Obama is photographed with other leaders for the official photo prior to the APEC dinner at the Pacifico Yokohama Conference Center in Yokohama, Japan, Nov. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	DAMN! Japanese artists have skill! Not that I'm overlooking the figures in the picture, of course...
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama arrive in Mumbai, India, Nov. 6, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	When a State of Palestine and the landing at the airport with flowers Snfrc the ground you are going to the .... But first we want the State of Palestine
President Barack Obama and President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea walk together following a bilateral meeting at the Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, Nov. 11, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	teresa, all presidents spend money visiting other countries.that's the way it is in america.deal with it and get over it.
President Barack Obama and President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono smile as they participate in a press conference at the Istana Merdeka State Palace Complex in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 9, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	"Hey, look at ME!  Never worked a day in my life, and I'm blowing money like autumn leaves in a hurricane!"  BIG PIMPIN'!
President Barack Obama holds a bilateral meeting with President Hu Jintao of China at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, South Korea, Nov. 11, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)	It's good to see such influential heads of state meet. If consensus can be met amongst the largest countries in the world, the better the world will be.
President Barack Obama visits the Great Buddha of Kamakura with Michiko Sato, director, and Dr. Takao Sato, Chief Monk, at the Kotoku-In Temple in Kamakura, Japan, Nov. 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I would love to meet the president and I'd live to stand in front of that buddha.
President Barack Obama’s motorcade is met by bodyguards on horseback at the main entrance of Rashtrapati Bhavan, the presidential palace, during the official arrival ceremony in New Delhi, India, Nov. 8, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	the world is in support of what you are doing, both in prayers, i as one is, go on mr president
President Barack Obama talks with Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard during the APEC Leader’s Closing Retreat at the Intercontinental Hotel in Yokohama, Japan, Nov. 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr. Obama talks also with President of Perù Mr. Alan Garcia Perez!!!
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pause for a moment of silence at Rajghat, a memorial to Mahatma Gandhi, in New Delhi, India, Nov. 8, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	It is a good feeling to see the spirit of Gandhi still speaking to us from his grave even after his death.
President Barack Obama and First lady Michelle Obama greet children while touring Humayun's tomb in New Delhi, November 7, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Surely you are a good father of the People and world children
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh talk during the State Dinner at Rashtrapati Bhavan, the presidential palace, in New Dehli, India, Nov. 8, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr . President visits Pakistan too .... people's of Pakistan is paying lot of Sacrifices in fighting war against Terrorism  , its time to strengthen Pakistan and its Economy .
President Barack Obama offers a toast during the State Dinner at the Istana Negara State Palace Complex in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 9, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Love the dress on the First Lady, wouldn't it be nice if she had another baby while in the White House!!!
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama stand in a receiving line and greet guests at the State Dinner at Rashtrapati Bhavan, the presidential palace, in New Dehli, India, Nov. 8, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	God bless USA and thank you for making the world into a better place for all mankind.
To all of our men and women in uniform, our veterans, and our military families: We honor your service, we are grateful for your sacrifice, and we will not let you down.	http://www.facebook.com/pages/Poppy-burning-planned-again-by-Islam-Defend-the-Cenotaph-on-14th-November/140144959369455Do something about that^^ if not then you show your support for our sons and daughters..
President Obama speaks at a Veterans Day Troop Rally in Seoul, South Korea, telling all of America's vets that "today, we all want you to know this: We remember."	@Mary I like what you said, thank you. Happy Veteran's Day to all of the Veteran's.
President Barack Obama talks with U.S. Trade Representative Ambassador Ron Kirk before bilateral meetings at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, South Korean, Nov. 11, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	they talk some issue and secret ways....let me heard that sir :-)
President Barack Obama greets people at the Kotoku-In Temple in Kamakura, Japan, Nov. 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	It is so wonderful to see the face of the people all over the world that meet you President Obama.  You are truly leadership for the masses.
Staff members wait for President Barack Obama by the motorcade in preparation for departure from the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 10, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	President Obama during a visit to Indonesia was escorted by Secret Service which I think are too strict, even though Indonesia was safe from terrorist threats.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama tour Humayun’s Tomb in New Delhi, India, Nov. 7, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	If God be for you, who can be against you? That's the story of President Barack Obama....
President Barack Obama talks with Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner at the conclusion of a Cabinet meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Nov. 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I think Barack is giving him his review of the movie "Inside Job" in which Mr. Geithner has a starring role.
President Barack Obama and Indonesia's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono participate in the arrival ceremony at the Istana Merdeka State Palace Complex in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 9, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Hello Mr. President Barack Obama, Sir,The setting of this ceremony looks so peaceful among the Countries.Outstanding Sir.
President Barack Obama talks with Vice President Joe Biden in the Outer Oval Office, Nov. 3, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	...one of the last hopes in our unjusticed world.
President Barack Obama talks with staff about the erupting volcano at Mt. Merapi in Indonesia, while flying on Air Force One from Mumbai to New Delhi, Nov. 7, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The President that is in touch with his people and environment.
President Barack Obama waves to people along the motorcade route while traveling from the University of Indonesia to the airport in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 10, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Even in the special moment, he still have time to call me.....wakakakak...
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama board Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, en route for a nine-day trip to Asia, Nov. 5, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	If the Democratic party was a sinking boat, and someone threw you an "0bama", would that be a lifejacket or a boat anchor?  (In keeping with the nautical references above).
Our nation is founded on the belief that all of us are equal and each of us deserves the freedom to pursue our own version of happiness. No one deserves to be bullied.	Nobodies equal. We are CREATED equal, with the equal oppurtunities of pursuing our own dreams. It's what we do with that oppurtunity that puts us above or below others. 
America cannot stand still in the face of challenge. We can't afford to put our future on hold. That's why a big part of the Recovery Act has been about investing in the future.	i believe the national health plan is a good thing.i also believe it will stand up befor the supreme court,millians of people depend on it
Today, Latinos make up the largest minority group in America’s schools, and they face challenges of monumental proportions. We’ve got to solve this problem, because if we allow these trends to continue, it won’t just be one community that falls behind—we will all fall behind together.	how about sendin the illegals back to their own country!  This means all illegals, not just the mexicans!  That would be a great start in helping!
The work of these students is a testament to the potential that awaits when we inspire young people to take part in the scientific enterprise: tackling tough problems and testing new hypotheses—to try, and then to fail, and then to try again until they succeed.	This is one of the most important lessons we as parents MUST teach our children if you fall get back up and try again and again and again and again..........
Austan Goolsbee, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, looks back at this administration’s record on the economy by discussing the past three years of private-sector employment, and the improving trends we've seen.	Bring jobs back to the US. Stop the off shoring of jobs. This should have been Obama's first task.
We can no longer afford to sit still. We need a smart system of infrastructure equal to the needs of the 21st century. And by making investments across the country, we won’t just make our economy run better over the long haul—we will create good middle-class jobs right now.	We need to spend money to make money, and this is what will bring our country into the future.
Lynne Silosky, a niece of Staff Sergeant Robert J. Miller, curtsies with First Lady Michelle Obama. Later, during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House, President Obama awarded Staff Sergeant Miller the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic actions in Afghanistan.	It was the two of them...how cute..
President Barack Obama greets vendors during a stop at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia, Pa., September 20, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	where can we find a copy of who received stimulus in local areas?
President Barack Obama greets people following the CNBC jobs town hall meeting at the Newseum in Washington, D.C., Sept. 20, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr.Obama .. I was amazed to you, a very intelligent, friendly and kind to everyone.
President Barack Obama greets guests during a discussion on health care reform and the Patient’s Bill of Rights at the Brayshaw residence in Falls Church, Va., September 22, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	we are hop one day coming our little home...
President Barack Obama poses for a photo with a customer during a stop at Barelas Coffee House in Albuquerque, N.M., Sept. 28, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Hoping, Mr. President, that one day you will will be able to visit HAITI and people could be smiling peacefully.
President Barack Obama greets guests during a discussion on health care reform and the Patient’s Bill of Rights at the Brayshaw residence in Falls Church, Virginia.	One day in an American home's backyard, next day on the World's platform at the UN... that is quite a way to do things.
President Barack Obama pauses during a moment of silence in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House at 8:46AM, Saturday, Sept. 11, 2010, in remembrance of the time that the first plane hit the World Trade Center in 2001. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	LOOK CLOSELY AT THE CLOCK, YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE THAT'S THE SECOND HAND, look again, part is on the 12 and the point is on the 6 SMDH!!!!!
Bo, the Obama family dog, waits for President Barack Obama to throw the ball during a game of "fetch" in the Rose Garden of the White House.	Keep up the good work!
President Barack Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner escort Elizabeth Warren from the Oval Office to the Rose Garden of the White House for the statement naming Warren to lead the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Sept. 17, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Beautiful picture with the back of the three people facing the photographer, and toward the whitisch background.
President Barack Obama fist bumps Vice President Joe Biden, with Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett looking on, before a meeting in the Oval Office, Sept. 16, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Joe looks like he needs a crash course on the bump, but he'll get the hang of it!  Keep up the good work, guys!!
President Barack Obama meets with John Nicholas, Nicole Armstrong, and their twins Trevor and Olivia, at their home in Fairfax, Virginia, Sept. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Trevor & Oliva were probably jumping up and down knowing they met our first real president. Historical moment for these children.
Television correspondents stand for their reports as wait for President Barack Obama to enter the news conference in the East Room of the White House, Sept. 10, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	it is  the time to bring the economic of the world to its nomal.
President Barack Obama waves as he leaves Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, after the flight from Philadelphia, Pa.,  Sept. 14, 2010.  (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Love it, love him....wish I had the opportunity to meet him when he was here in Philly.
President Barack Obama holds open the door to the Oval Office for U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk, National Economic Council Director Larry Summers, and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner after his statement on the economy in Rose Garden of the White House, Sept. 15, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Very humbling gesture of a president to hold the door open for his subordinates...
President Barack Obama greets vendors during a stop at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia.	I would like to see Pres. Obama stop in at a Medical Marijuana Dispensary for a visit.
President Barack Obama meets with John Nicholas, Nicole Armstrong, and their twins Trevor and Olivia, at their home in Fairfax, Virginia.	Great picture.  Air Force One and the Pres.  Liking it.
President Barack Obama waves as he leaves Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, after a flight from Philadelphia.	to bad he wasn't leaving instead of arriving
We can’t have a strong and growing economy without a strong and growing middle class.	We can’t have a strong and growing economy without a strong and growing middle class.-- NO, you can't.
Prior to the start of their working dinner with President Barack Obama, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, and President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority check their watches to see if it is officially sunset, in the Blue Room of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	We all check the time in the same way and put on our pants one leg at the time why it this process so hard?
President Barack Obama waves to the crowd after speaking at the Milwaukee Laborfest in Milwaukee, Wisc., Sept. 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Was just in Milwaukie the day before, would loved to have seen the president there. You rock!
President Barack Obama hugs and thanks Christy Romer, the departing Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, following a conversation in the Cross Hall of the White House, Sept.Romer is leaving her post to return to the University of California, Berkeley.(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	it's a wonderfull greeting, that is a hug , there are many different greeting customs around th world, in my country we call this atou
President Barack Obama walks with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel along the Colonnade of the White House, following their remarks to the press, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	Love and togetherness all the way.GOD knows the hearts of the men here.Love on now.
The President and his economic team in the Rose Garden, Sept. 3, 2010White House Photo, Chuck Kennedy	President Obama and his team are doing a great job in the White House.  I'm a supporter to the end of time.
President Barack Obama escorts President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority from the Oval Office to his waiting motorcade, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Stepping out and into success for the affairs of our lands. Love on now.
A close-up of a message from King Abdullah of Jordan, after he signed a guest book in the Diplomatic Room of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	It's good to see a close-up shot of a letter from King Abdullah of Jordan addressed to US President Obama....what a shot! Thank you for sharing with us all!
President Barack Obama shakes hands with the audience before remarks at the Milwaukee Laborfest at Henry Maier Festival Park in Milwaukee, Wisc. September 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	The POWER coming from the handshake and the humility of which it's used.. I Love You Sir, Mr President!
President Barack Obama talks on the phone with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate about preparations for Hurricane Earl during a call in the Oval Office. Listening at right is Richard A. Reed, Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security. September 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Hey Richard Paris, maybe your friend and his company is the liars.What does that have to do with the price of rice.MAKE SENSE.
President Barack Obama returns to the Oval Office, after escorting President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority to his limousine, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I know the President of America take action about the kidnapping American kids so don't worry, and pray always because God Jesus Christ is the one helping us.
President Barack Obama holds a working dinner with, clockwise from left, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, Tony Blair, the international Middle east envoy and former British Prime Minister, and President Hosni Mubarek of Egypt, in the Old Family Dining Room of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	WHO  is the eighth person??you should introduce all of them.what abaut the manners...?
President Barack Obama talks with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate about preparations for Hurricane Earl during a phone call in the Oval Office, Sept. 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Let's all show our support by meeting at the poll In November .
President Barack Obama walks with, from left, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, and King Abdullah II of Jordan, through the Cross Hall of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	This is the picture of the century...
Chief of Protocol Capricia Marshall waits for the arrival of President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt on the South Portico of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	To our President this is for you,be bless...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouTlqFQEKTALand of the Free.ChangeHearts Band
The President speaks at the Milwaukee Laborfest,  Sept. 6, 2010(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Look at this guy, working his ass off for the people... for the troops! My man Obeezy!
President Barack Obama listens to President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt during a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	the President of the united arab Republic of Egypt is one of the last dictator of the world ,
President Barack Obama listens to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel during a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	A meeting of the minds--in synch!
The President speaks in Ohio. September 8, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Man who speaks with Wisdom =D
After meeting with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office, members of the Middle East Policy team, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, leave the Oval Office, Sept. 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Ha!  I love seeing the hardwood floor...my parents company - Rode Brothers - put it in the Oval Office in the late 70's - Bush had covered the entire thing.....
There are no better workers than American workers.	English workers are so much better 
President Barack Obama talks with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate about preparations for Hurricane Earl during a phone call in the Oval Office.	why doesn't he have a head set instead of that regular phone...get into the new world white house!
We owe our troops, veterans, and military families a debt of gratitude for their outstanding service to our nation.Thousands have already taken part in our Saluting Service in Iraq effort on whitehouse.gov, sending messages of thanks and support to our troops.Take a minute to add a message of your own.	Im honored to support our troops in and out of war.
President Barack Obama greets members of the military at Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas.	Brings back old memories of my youth as a soldier in the U.S. Army.I was stationed at Fort Bliss!
Together, we are helping to make New Orleans a place that stands for what we can do in America. Ultimately, that must be the legacy of Katrina: not one of neglect, but of action; not one of indifference, but of empathy; not of abandonment, but of a community working together to meet shared challenges.	I hope America re builds all of their broken communities, like Katrina, and not leave them abandoned, which seems the case in terms of the last administration.
As we mark the end of America’s combat mission in Iraq, a grateful nation pays tribute to all who have served there. Part of responsibly ending this war is meeting our responsibility to those who have fought it.	marks the last time the war is over? how many times is this. but I believe this is the last and truly the end of combat troops.
President Barack Obama greets patrons at Parkway Bakery and Tavern in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I'd bet everyone in that room that the President shook hands with had insurance on their home and that they evacuated before the Storm. 
President Barack Obama delivers remarks marking the five-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina at Xavier University in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Where was Bush to celebrate the 5th Anniversary of Katrina?
President Barack Obama greets people following his remarks at Xavier University in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	this is call real fans of the real person in USA....MR.Obama rocks with his works...
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama tour the Columbia Parc Housing Development in New Orleans, La., with New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, right, and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan, Aug. 29, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	and Secret Service in the distance...lol
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama talk with Maude Smith at her home in Columbia Parc Housing Development in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. Smith's grandson, David Robichaux Jr., 9, sits next to the President. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I like how the room was set up to see the photos on the table.........
President Barack Obama signs a banner hanging in a room while visiting with Wounded Warriors at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C.	So many great things in this pic...the president...the fact he's a lefty...the honor banner for the wounded...and that a portugy took the pic ;)
President Barack Obama greets people following lunch with First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia at Nancy's in Oak Bluffs, Mass., Aug. 25, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Greeting people following lunch . . . another plot by the Dictator Obama to force decent hardworking Americans to have LUNCH with him!
Tina Tchen of the White House Council on Women and Girls commemorated the 90th anniversary of the 19th Amendment by answering the public’s questions about current women’s issues.	more like celebrating the 90th anniversary of yelling "get back in the kitchen"
President Barack Obama greets people following lunch with First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia at Nancy's in Oak Bluffs, Mass., Aug. 25, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Thank you for your service and example. This country and world waited a long time for a family like yours.
President Barack Obama signs H.R. 2097, the Star-Spangled Banner Commemorative Coin Act, at the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, Aug. 16, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	You are the best president in the world
President Barack Obama talks on the phone in the Oval Office, Aug. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This is a picture, that will remain in the hearts of all Americans when his reign ends. The President working for the people.
President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and daughter Sasha order ice cream at Bruster's in Panama City Beach, Fla., Aug. 15, 2010 (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	wish I was working in the ice cream shop at that moment ;)
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama react to daughter Sasha's hole in one while playing miniature golf at Pirate's Island Golf in Panama City Beach, Fla., Saturday, Aug. 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Way to go  Mr. President, first lady and the daughter, on that mini golf course.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama’s hands rest on the railing of a boat during their tour of St. Andrews Bay in Panama City Beach, Fla., Sunday, Aug. 15, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	In the midst of all the insanity a quiet message of love and support.  So much said without a word.
President Barack Obama delivers remarks during an Iftar dinner celebrating Ramadan in the State Dining Room of the White House, Aug. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Blessings To Everyone that were apart of this meeting !
President Barack Obama talks with the Weithman family, Rhonda, Joseph, daughter Rachel, 9, and son Josh, 11, in their home in Columbus, Ohio. August 18, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	These are great photos, thank you for sharing up close and personal President Obama in his day life and work. 
President Barack Obama and daughter Sasha steer the "Bay Point Lady" during a tour of St. Andrews Bay off Panama City Beach, Fla., Aug. 15, 2010 (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Very nice pic. Shows that the president also needs a holiday to spend time with his family. God bless.
Let’s put aside the partisanship for awhile and work together for small businesses, for employees, and for the communities that depend on them.	Mr President well done,  for protecting small business. Wish you and all  congress members the best of luck.
President Barack Obama talks with the Weithman family, Rhonda, Joseph, daughter Rachel, 9, and son Josh, 11, in their home in Columbus, Ohio. August 18, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	i wish he'd come to my house, he'd think he lived here with all the photos of him and his family
Slowly but surely, we are moving in the right direction. The economy is getting stronger, but we can’t afford to start going backward and doing the same things that got us into trouble in the first place. We’ve got to move forward.	I agree it getting better and can't change over night so we need to stay the course.
President Barack Obama holds a round table discussion with local small business owners during a stop at Grand Central Bakery in Seattle, Washington.From left around the table: President Obama, Gillian Allen-White, General Manager of Grand Central Baking Company, Joe Fugere, founder of Tutta Bella Neapolitan Pizzeria, Commerce Secretary Gary Locke, and Tiffany Turner of the Inn at Discovery Coast.	a photo in the new ages of life. Those in power using power the same as their untensils.
President Barack Obama greets Lt. Col. Dave Kalinske and his family in the Oval Office, during Kalinske’s departure ceremony, Aug. 13, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	God Bless President Obama and family and the U.S.A.!
America’s small businesses are the backbone of our economy and the cornerstones of our communities. In the same way that they’re looking out for their employees, we need to be looking out for these small businesses.	Actually Mr. President you are focusing the economic the same way I will do it.  Bring back to America the business that when foreign.
We expect our commitment to clean energy to lead to more than 800,000 jobs by 2012.  And that’s not just creating work in the short term—that’s going to help lay the foundation for lasting economic growth.	Mr. President, is there any way to give more attention to Undevelop countries, especial africans for creatiing jobs to reduce porverty in the arena.
President Barack Obama and daughter Sasha swim at Alligator Point in Panama City Beach, Florida. The President traveled to Panama City Beach with First Lady Michelle Obama and Sasha to meet with local business owners and officials and to encourage Americans to travel to the Gulf Coast beaches.	He's in Florida over the weekend..(my home state) and today he comes to California (Current home state)...wish I could shake his hand...and talk to him personally.
President Barack Obama signs Elena Kagan's commission in the Oval Office, before a reception in the East Room celebrating her confirmation to the Supreme Court, Aug. 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr. President, if by chance there's another opening on the Highest Court in the Land, I would like throw the name of Aubrey Ford from Tuskegee, AL.
President Barack Obama greets Ambassador Alieu Momodou Ngum, of The Gambia, and his family before the start of an ambassador credentialing ceremony in the Oval Office, Aug. 10, 2010. The presentation of credentials is a traditional ceremony that marks the formal beginning of an ambassador’s service in Washington. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	It is very moving and inspiring to see the President greet the Ambassador and his family.  Thank you for sharing a part of the history with us President Obama.
President Barack Obama talks with Commerce Secretary Gary Locke and U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk in the Green Room of the White House, following the Manufacturing Enhancement Act of 2010 signing ceremony. August 11, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Do you notice finally, that looking at the people in and around the White house, is no BORING any more? Way less of the blue eyed and the pompous.
President Barack Obama walks with a group of summer interns in the Rose Garden of the White House, before taking a group photo with the entire class. August 12, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	He is a man of the people
President Barack Obama laughs with Elizabeth Cushman Titus Putnam, a winner of the 2010 Presidential Citizens Medal, during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House, Aug. 4, 2010, honoring the 13 recipients of the nation’s second-highest civilian honor. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	Must be a honor to receive recognition as a civilian by the hands of The President of The USA.
The President signs help for states to stay above water, preventing as many as 160,000 teacher layoffs and 900,000 public and private sector layoffs altogether.	Good job, Barack. Now if you eliminate the many H1B visas, corporations will start to support education in this country.
President Barack Obama greets First Lady Michelle Obama and daughter Sasha upon their arrival at a barbecue in celebration of his 49th birthday on the South Lawn of the White House, Aug. 8, 2010 (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr.President,congrats on your birthday and the loving family the Lord gave you.
President Barack Obama talks with kids attending a Let's Move tennis clinic on the South Lawn of the White House, Aug. 3, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Blessed is the man that walketh ,not in the council of the ungodly.Please feed all the elderly on the streets.And be richly blessed. 
President Barack Obama greets people following his remarks at the Ford Motor Company Chicago Assembly Plant in Chicago, Ill., Aug. 5, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	i seen him that close in OHIO(:D thanks for the visit...
We’ve been through tough times before, and it is precisely in those times that we rebuilt, retooled, and recaptured the ingenuity and resilience that makes this nation so great. That’s how our predecessors built the first American century. That’s how we’ll build the next.	I think Obama's the best thing that happened to the US and the world in a long time
The President signs help for states to stay above water, preventing as many as 160,000 teacher layoffs and 900,000 public and private sector layoffs altogether.	Thank you!Now we need even more work on jobs and an overhaul of the failed HAMP program.Americans are hurting!
If we’re serious about making sure America’s workers—and America itself—succeed in the 21st century, the single most important step we can take is to make sure that every one of our young people has the best education that the world has to offer.	Education is the key to success in any society. Regardless of the cost, we need to invest wisely in our children, who are the future of our nation. 
Medicare isn’t just a program. It’s a commitment to America’s seniors—that after working your whole life, you’ve earned the security of quality health care you can afford.	Its about time the American people got health care without having to worry. Its a crime  that so many poor people can't even go to a doctor.
President Barack Obama greets the First Lady and daughter Sasha upon their arrival at a 49th birthday barbecue on the South Lawn of the White House.	49th birthday barbecue on the South Lawn of the White House, Aug. 8, 2010 brought to you today by our fellow tax payers.
Organizing for America supporters across the country are standing with Elena Kagan—a Supreme Court nominee who embodies excellence, independence, integrity, and passion for the law.	How about passion for the Constitution? If Barack is supporting her most likely not..
We are going to rebuild this economy stronger than before, and at the heart of it are going to be three powerful words:  “Made in America.”	If Congolese people (DRC) had the same thinkings, it are going to be powerful words " Made in Congo".
Today, the American auto industry is growing stronger. It’s creating new jobs and manufacturing the fuel-efficient cars and trucks that will carry us toward an energy independent future. We are proving the naysayers wrong.	Yes. Make "environmental cars more expensive" is better for those ceo's of the auto industry. So now they can own two private jets rather than one.
President Barack Obama picks up his sub after meeting with five small business owners at Tastee Sub Shop in Edison, N.J., July 28, 2010. The President visited Edison to discuss the economy and urge Congress to pass support for small businesses. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Good President ..you care for small business, not only for big business..not the same with other president in this world...ex....pther country?????????????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SYLVANA FROM INDONESIA
President Barack Obama signs the Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2010 in the Oval Office, July 22, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	Your first 4th of July as President! Congratulations!! And Happy Fourth to the First Family!
President Barack Obama, with Assembly Manager Teri Quigley, gets behind the wheel of a new Chevy Volt during his tour of the General Motors Auto Plant in Hamtramck, Mich., July 30, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	GM cars are the greatest! Nothing but the BEST for the President. ( the BEAST) his Presidential Caddy!!
As we celebrate the 45th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid, we reflect on a moment when our nation made an enduring commitment to care for those who have given the most to our society and those living in poverty.	The mark of a great society is how well we take care of the least fortunate and the elderly.  Thank you for a great program!
The educational status quo in America is morally inexcusable and economically indefensible, and all of us are going to have to roll up our sleeves to change it.	Dear Mr Obama, When you are finished reshaping America can you come over to the UK and sort out our shambles of a country! 
We passed reform to put Americans in control of their own health care. Now, no matter your age or situation, there’s something for everyone at HealthCare.gov. Take a moment to check it out.	I think people who complain about this healthcare plan should not be allowed to use it or allow any of their family use it...
Equal access. Equal opportunity. The freedom to make our lives what we will. These aren’t principles that belong to any one group or any one political party. They are common principles. They are American principles.	"The freedom to make our lives what we will." If this is something Obama touts, why does he work so hard to deprive Americans of that right? 
The new Wall Street reform law is designed to ensure that our economy works for all of us—consumers, investors, and financial institutions. Watch remarks from yesterday’s signing ceremony.	the Law is meant to control us.Don't be fooled.This guy wants government to control everything in our lives.
Taking part in the meeting are, clockwise; Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa P.Jackson, U.S. Cost Guard Rear Admiral Peter Neffenger, Press Secretary Robert Gibbs, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar, NOAA Administrator Dr. Jane Lubchenco, Energy Secretary Steven Chu and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel.(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Speaking of which...I just saw a program about the War of 1812 a couple of days ago.そういえば...私は前に1812年の戦争の時代のカップルについての番組を見た。
First Lady Michelle Obama watches students from the Duke Ellington School of the Arts and the Joy of Motion Dance perform in a special dress rehearsal in the East Room of the White House, July 19, 2010.	The best President.Man of the people.Much pleasure in identifying with the people!!!
President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden walk from the Oval Office to the motorcade for the trip to the Ronald Reagan Building to sign the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, July 21, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Regulation!  What the government needs to do!  Thank you.  Bring back the balance, reclaim the economy from the Robber Barons. 
President Barack Obama points out landmarks as he shows Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom the view from the Truman Balcony of the White House, July 20, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Thank you Ronda, great  talking to you, the best  for your country and the rest of us, in Norway, Europe and the rest of the world!:-) Bless:)
It’s time to stop holding workers laid off in this recession hostage to Washington politics. We’ve got to stop blocking emergency relief for Americans who are out of work and extend unemployment insurance.	Please help us that are cut off of unemployment and forced to scramble for relief and assistance programs just to get food on the table and rent paid!!!!   PLEASE!!!!
President Barack Obama, along with Vice President Joe Biden, President Bill Clinton, West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin, and members of Congress, attends the memorial service for Sen. Robert C. Byrd at the State Capitol in Charleston, W.Va., July 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	To the family of Senator Byrd, take comfort knowing that he is now , flying with the Angels. His work here is done, BUT ITWILL NEVER BE FORGOTTON......
President Barack Obama delivers remarks to military service personnel and their families during the Fourth of July celebration at the White House, July 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	That's Our Marine Corps Band!! They are the Best of the Best!!
President Barack Obama talks with Jack Lew on the Colonnade of the White House, after he announced Lew’s nomination to replace Peter Orszag as director of the Office of Management and Budget, July 13, 2010.At left, Bo, the Obama family dog, waits for the President inside the doorway of the Outer Oval Office.	The first dog Bo, got a huge number of remarks, that is some dog!Love for the whole family and that includes Bo.
President Barack Obama shakes hands with a young Cub Scout, during a meeting with representatives from the Boy Scouts, in the Oval Office, July 12, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Shaking hands with the next future President of the United States
President Barack Obama walks with Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon from Air Force One to the nearby Smith Electric Vehicles at the Kansas City International Airport in Kansas City, Mo., July 8, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Hahaha this pic is awesome, the President's working his strut.I like the car in the background too!!!
President Barack Obama waves to the crowd at a grassroots event for Missouri Secretary of State Robin Carnahan at the Folly Theater Auditorium in Kansas City, Mo., July 8, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This is how I met him years ago...sleeves rolled up in Illinois.  I always appreciated him coming to our strike and walking the picket line with us.   
President Barack Obama meets with Warren Buffett in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Thanks for sharing with the Nation as you celebrated our country's birthday with military families. <3 the photo of the First Couple silhouetted against the fireworks - priceless!
President Barack Obama talks with Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner aboard Air Force One en route to Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, July 2, 2010. The President traveled to Charleston, W.Va., for Sen. Robert Byrd's memorial service. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Dear Juan, People on FB usually don't elect to "like" people that they hate..........look into that......
President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden talk with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel as they depart the Cabinet Room of the White House, July 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	What a great photo!Tough but in speaking terms with the rest of the world.
President Barack Obama greets departing Associate Counsel to the President Alison J. "Ali" Nathan, left, Meg Satterthwaite, and their twin sons Oliver and Nathan, in the Outer Oval Office, July 7, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This picture shows the kind of progress our country has made in just the past 30 years, not to mention the past few hundred... I love this.
From left, Vice President Joe Biden, President Barack Obama, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, walk along the South Lawn drive of the White House, following their meeting in the Oval Office, July 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Also for the rest of the world.....Mr. President.
President Barack Obama leads Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, center, and Vice President Joe Biden on a tour of the White House Kitchen Garden following their meeting in the Oval Office, July 1, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	You have got to love the garden on the grounds of the White House.  You grow-bama!
President Barack Obama greets members of the Byrd family at the West Virginia State Capitol in Charleston, W.Va., July 2, 2010. The President and Vice President Joe Biden attended the memorial service for Sen. Robert Byrd, who died June 28, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	What in the world!!!  She greeted him like he was an old friend!!!!  Beautiful!!!
President Barack Obama shakes hands with Cub Scout Raphael Cash from Bowie, Md., prior to a meeting with a group of Boy Scouts of America youth members and executive leaders in the Oval Office, July 12, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The young man will live his life according to his experience in meeting the President (1st Black President) of the United States..
President Barack Obama talks with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev. aboard Air Force One, en route to West Virginia for Sen. Robert Byrd's memorial service, July 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	http://www.facebook.com/pages/tech-tips/144995938844043?ref=ts join it for fun!
President Barack Obama shoots baskets on the White House basketball court with Justin Friedlander and his family, July 6, 2010.Friedlander, who was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in March, 2009, has launched an initiative called “Justin’s Quest,” in which he will shoot 40,000 basketball shots, one for every person diagnosed with a primary brain tumor each year in the United States.	Love this! As a Momma to a four year old brain cancer survivor, I love that our president is a part of this goal!!! :)
President Barack Obama talks on the phone with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas aboard Air Force One, July 9, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Mr. Obama, on the phone with (insert name/country/pizza place here). 
President Barack Obama arrives at Yeager Airport in Charleston, West Virginia, July 2, 2010. The President traveled to West Virginia, along with Vice President Joe Biden, left, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, for Sen. Robert Byrd's memorial service. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The President is a civilian and civilians are not to be saluted or to salute the military. It started with Regan and should have stopped with him.
Residents greet President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama upon their arrival at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C., July 3, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	Great photo!!  This lady and all who were in this photo.. will never forget the moment. 
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pretend to march to music in the Blue Room of the White House, July 4, 2010, before delivering remarks to military families during a Fourth of July celebration. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	You can see the love they have for each other..when I saw their first dance as President and 1st Lady  and the song was "At Last" I cried...
President Barack Obama listens during a communications planning meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, July 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Wow, this shows the instensity of his position.Some of us do carry the weight of the world on our shoulders.
Wall Street reform will bring greater security to folks on Main Street, small businesses, community banks and credit unions who play by the rules, and shareholders and investors who want to see their company grow and thrive.	Anything, any action has to be better than letting Wall St run amok to ruin the economy of the world, as they did recently. 
We’re going to keep on fighting until wages and incomes are rising, businesses are hiring again, Americans are headed back to work again, and we’ve recovered from this recession.	Get rid of all the illegal workers, and unemployment will work itself out. Why are we paying benefits to those in our country illegally? 
Through the Affordable Care Act, more than 100 million will have access to new benefits that improve the coverage they already have. One million uninsured Americans will gain health insurance coverage by next year.	Yeah, with premiums and deductibles, I will have to spend more than $10,000 this year before my insurance pays anything.  Thank God for healthcare reform!
Independence Day is a time to honor our armed forces, whose bravery and sacrifice have made our country what it is today. This Fourth of July, we celebrated with military families at the White House with fireworks and a concert.	Memorial day and Veterans day are times to honor our armed forces.  Independence day is the time to honor what they fought for.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama watch the fireworks over the National Mall from the roof of the White House. July 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Thanks for sharing with the Nation as you celebrated our country's birthday with military families. <3 the photo of the First Couple silhouetted against the fireworks - priceless!
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama greet military families as they celebrate the Fourth of July holiday on the South Lawn of the White House. July 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	I watched a little of the festivites on PBS.  I wish I could have been in D.C. to celebrate with the nation!
Fireworks begin as The Killers play on the South Lawn of the White House during the Fourth of July celebration. July 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	AMERICA the GRAND and BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
Brandi Carlile and her band perform for military families during the Fourth of July holiday celebration on the South Lawn of the White House. July 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	What a special tribute to the ( families) men and woman in uniform. Congratulation...Mr Obama!!
We’re going make sure the jobs and industries of the future are taking root in America. That’s why we’re accelerating the transition to a clean energy economy and doubling our use of renewable energy sources like wind and solar power.	all the power we need is free on the wind, with enough turbines along the shoreline, solar isn't nearly as efficient as wind power.
Businesses and families are tightening their belts as the impact of this Great Recession lingers. At the White House and across the government, we are doing the same. In ways large and small, we are being more responsible with the people’s money.	Businesses and families are tightening their belts as the impact of this Great VICTORY OF THE DUTCH SQUAD OVER BRAZIL LINGERS!!!!!!!!
HealthCare.gov provides one-stop access to information on new consumer rights and benefits, a timeline of when new programs will come online between now and 2014, and an insurance finder that will make it easy to find both private and public health insurance options.	Thanks this is just the web site I needed to see what are options are for health care under the new law. 
President Barack Obama listens during a briefing at the Gulfport Coast Guard Station in Gulfport, Miss., June 14, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Love the name of the album: On the Ground in Louisiana. Nice to know that Mississippi gained so much ground during Katrina in having people recognize us...
Marine One makes its way along the Gulf Coast from Grand Isle to New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Except for all the oil.
President Barack Obama greets residents in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	thank when other was in airline looking down on the situation you came among the people and treated everyon the same. God is with you
President Barack Obama greets residents in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The World needs atleast 5 of President Obama to make it a free world. Three in Asia and Middle East respectively, one in Africa, and one in Europe.
President Barack Obama looks at maps of local estuaries with Mayor David Carmandelle, National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, oysterman Floyd Lasseigne, and others, at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	were putting you up in the sand room next to the beach
President Barack Obama listens during a meeting with residents at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Our President is leaping over big hurdles, but that's not enough for some who were bashing him before he even got a handl on the problemsm he inherited.e
Tim Kerner, mayor of LaFitte, La., asks a question regarding the BP oil spill, during a meeting in the tarmac field house at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	What was the question and what was the answer?
President Barack Obama walks along a dock with, from left, Chris Carmandelle, National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, and Mayor David Carmandelle, at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)	Obama is a very much special President in the History of America. I like his personality.
President Barack Obama eats boiled seafood with residents at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, Louisianna, June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Nothing says "committed to saving aquatic wildlife" like a big tray of boiled sea creatures.where was the PR person in the corner sortof going...
President Barack Obama walks to the tarmac field house at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010, with Rep. Joseph Cao, R-La., Sen. David Vitter, R-La., and New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, right, for a briefing on the response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Sir, crude oil is from the nature, there were oil wells on the ground in the Arabian peninsula.  Nature will take care as soon the leakage in plugged...
President Barack Obama is updated on the response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, during a meeting in the tarmac field house at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	beautiful picture in the Brazilian wanted in office the guy with the claw over Luis Inacio Lula da Silva and optimal presidnte
As we emerge from this recession, we cannot return to the pre-crisis status quo. We have to build a new and stronger foundation for growth and prosperity—and that’s exactly what we’ve been doing for the past 16 months.	as long as we save the earth.  we just have to work together to do it, right?
President Barack Obama talks with U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, aboard Marine One as they fly along the coastline from Venice to New Orleans, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism John Brennan is in the background. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Great work!!Obama and his staff are doing the best they can!!...They have the problem and they  working to give solution....that ·s great
President Barack Obama and Lafourche Parish President Charlotte Randolf, left, inspect a tar ball as they look at the effect the BP oil spill is having on Fourchon Beach in Port Fourchon, Louisiana, May 28, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	 There should be a manditory picnic for BP right on the beach with the tar balls. See if they can fix it then.
President Barack Obama is briefed about the situation along the Gulf Coast following the BP oil spill, at the Coast Guard Venice Center, in Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. Pictured, from left, are U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen, Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism John Brennan, Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Intelligence oozes from the President.  If only we had had his intelligence running the country over the past 8 yrs before he toook office we wouldn't be in this mess.
President Barack Obama meets with local, state and federal officials during a briefing at the U.S. Coast Guard Station in Grand Isle, Louisiana, May 28, 2010. (Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	this is practiicing the government of the pple, by the pple and for the pple. Kudos
President Barack Obama delivers remarks in the rain, following a briefing on the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, at the Coast Guard Venice Center in Venice, La., Sunday, , May 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	That is MY President... He will have the Victory of the Lord... Keep on keeping on SIR... Do not waiver...
President Barack Obama talks with Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, after arriving at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Jindal is such a jack. Wasn't it he and his party saying that government should'nt be involved in business matters? 
President Barack Obama listens during a briefing on the BP oil spill by National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen at the U.S. Coast Guard Station in Grand Isle, Louisiana, May 28, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Presdent Obama in a deep thought for the progress of the U. S. A.........What a great president......
President Barack Obama listens to Carol Browner, assistant to the President for energy and climate change, during a briefing on the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, aboard Air Force One en route to New Orleans, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism John Brennan, second from left, and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, right, also participate in the briefing. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Is this the office in the airplain or what?
U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen, who is serving as the National Incident Commander, and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, brief President Barack Obama about the situation along the Gulf Coast following the BP oil spill, at the Coast Guard Venice Center, Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This is the man that will get the job done.Even if it means that BP has to pay for any all damages.
Members of the U.S. Coast Guard listen as President Barack Obama delivers remarks, following a briefing on the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, at the Coast Guard Venice Center in Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	Here's to the unsung heroes of the U.S. Armed Forces....Coasties rock!!!!
President Barack Obama talks with local fishermen about recovery efforts along the Gulf coastline in Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Scott, so your faith is with the money grubbing drill baby drill republicans? Bush and Haliburton Cheney and their DEregulation on unscrupulous businesses in the U.S. has enabled this disaster.
President Barack Obama returns to the White House following his trip to Louisiana, Sunday, May 2, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	He has the weight of the world on his shoulders and also the mess made by previous Governments 4 years is not long enough to redress mistakes made...
One of the Presidential helicopters flies over southern Louisiana as President Barack Obama returns to New Orleans after visiting Grand Isle, May 28, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	I'm appalled by the misfortune that has tried Louisiana, may it all be over soon! May GOD illumine the minds of all in charge.
President Barack Obama, with local, state and federal officials, remarks on the BP oil spill following a tour of Fourchon Beach and briefing at the U.S. Coast Guard Station in Grand Isle, Louisiana, May 28, 2010. (Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	LOVE that porpoise in the background - just a little reminder of the wildlife in danger. 
President Barack Obama is briefed by National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, as Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change Carol Browner listens aboard Marine One en route Port Fourchon, Louisiana, May 28, 2010 (Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Thad Allen was supposed to retire...good thing he decided to stay on and help - he is the man....
Employer provisions in the new health care reform law are a commonsense way to ensure more Americans have access to high-quality care.	An even more common-sense solution would be to separate employment from health care entirely.  What a dumb system we have.
We still have much work to do, but we've begun to lay a new foundation to bring greater security and economic growth to America's middle-class families.	If the minimum wage law was enforced, we could expand the Middle Class, maybe end poverty in America, making everyone more secure, and enhance economic growth even moreso!
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wait in the Map Room of the White House, before welcoming President Felipe Calderón of Mexico and his wife, Mrs. Margarita Zavala, on the South Lawn, May 19, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Love is in the air at the White House!My role models, in family, life and politics.Keep up the GREAT EFFORTS OBAMA'S!!!
President Barack Obama speaks during a working dinner for Heads of Delegation at the Nuclear Security Summit in the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington, D.C., April 12, 2010.   (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Here's where the american people stand. They put me in office to make it happen!
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama talk with patrons at 12 Bones restaurant in Asheville, N.C., April 23, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Isn't Ashville, NC beautiful!!! I've stayed there at the Holiday Inn and wow!!!
President Barack Obama signs a baseball after throwing out the ceremonial first pitch on opening day of baseball season at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., April 5, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	We have a major league president.  AND it looks like we may (finally) have a major league ball team in DC!  Yee Haa!
President Barack Obama tours MogoOrganic farm with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, right, and Morgan Hoenig, left, in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, April 27, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Finally a president with Swag!  Right on with the Right One Mr. Pres.!
President Barack Obama salutes an active duty service member following a naturalization ceremony in the Rose Garden of the White House, April 23, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	the photo caption is technically incorrect. the service member is saluting the Commander in Chief, while he is "returning a salute." Salutes are presented by the junior ranking member.
President Barack Obama leads a moment of silence in memory of the lives lost when the plane carrying President Lech Kaczynski of Poland crashed in Russia last week, at the start of the first plenary session of the Nuclear Security Summit at the Walter E.Washington Convention Center in Washington, D.C., April 13, 2010.(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)	@ Paul Beck, United States is one of the leading country and you expect these people to sit on a cheap folding chair? 
President Barack Obama arrives at the White House after a memorial service in Beckley, West Virginia, April 25, 2010, for the 29 miners killed in an explosion at Big Branch Mine. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	That's your house for a long time that is 8 years.
President Barack Obama greets neighbors across the road from MogoOrganic farm in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, April 27, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Isn't it strange how the most wonderful, bright and intelligent president we've had in decades is hated by the most ignorant of our society...what does that tell you??
President Barack Obama signs a bill in the Oval Office, April 7, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	The hands of a "Working" Leader of the Free World!  Awesome!
President Barack Obama warms up before throwing out the ceremonial first pitch on opening day of baseball season at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., April 5, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Haahaa… He warmed up and still threw the worst pitch ever.  I hate to say it but I think Bush has Obama beat on this one 
President Barack Obama walks to an outdoor meeting with, from left, Valerie Jarrett, senior advisor, Dan Pfeiffer, communications director, Jim Messina, deputy chief of staff, and Bob Bauer, counsel to the President, in the Rose Garden of the White House, April 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	BARACK OBAMA the president of the world.
President Barack Obama poses for a photo with a patron at Jerry's Family Restaurant, a diner in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, April 27, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Is he holding a beer? Yeah! 
President Barack Obama talks with Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel in the East Garden Room of the White House, prior to the screening of the film "Nuclear Tipping Point" in the Family Theater, April 6, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	This is by far the most moving photo I have seen out of the White House.  God be with him.
People attending the annual Easter Egg Roll walk along the South Lawn of the White House, April 5, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)	Everyone is giviing thanks and praise for all the work that he has done in such short time in office! No time is ever wasted!Theloneranger with a DIAMOND EYE!
President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and Vice President Joe Biden attend Dorothy Height’s funeral at Washington National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., April 29, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	^^Everyone dies, including you.Looking at your statement the answer is probably pretty clear, but that is up to GOD.
President Barack Obama returns to his seat after delivering the eulogy at the funeral for Dorothy Height at Washington National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., April 29, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Condolences.  It is all in order.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama have a chance encounter with other hikers while walking along a trail off the Blue Ridge Parkway outside of Asheville, N.C., April 23, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)	Can you imagine hiking on a trail in Asheville and running into the President and the First Lady. 
In the heart of the old steel corridor, where some never thought we’d see something like this again, companies are investing in American manufacturing and this community.	". . .companies are investing in American manufacturing and this community."Good.  Now please do something about getting my job back from India.
The Wall Street reform bill being debated by Congress represents the strongest consumer financial protections in history, designed to empower you with the clear and concise information you need to make the best choices for you.	After a financial corrupse in 2008 we need such a reform to enable customers to make right decision about their fund. 
Our jobs agenda is to empower small businesses with tax cuts and loans so they can hire. Helping businesses to create jobs should be something that both parties can agree to.	That's the right path! Tax cuts for small and medium business so they can hire peolple. Tell it to Zapatero.
Secretary Kathleen Sebelius joined Rock the Vote president Heather Smith to answer your questions about how the Affordable Care Act expands health insurance coverage for young adults.	I am disappointed that the Missouri General Assembly wants to opt out of the new health insurance reform.  
This administration is committed to creating a more prosperous rural America: building infrastructure, investing in new energy technologies, and creating better educational opportunities in the heartland.	investing in new energy technologies indeed but hopefully not to the detriment of others in the world especially africans
America’s diversity is our strength. Our immigration system is broken, but we can’t undermine fundamental principles that define us as a nation in order to fix it. We have to stay true to who we are—a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.	"We have to stay true to who we are—a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." I like that! Que otimo!
Your government will do whatever it takes, for as long as it takes, to address the crisis in the Gulf Coast.	I think the government should do whatever it takes, for as long as it takes, to make BP PAY for the crisis in the Gulf coast
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama tour the White House South Grounds with Curator William "Bill" Allman, left and Chief Usher Admiral Stephen "Steve" Rochon. 1/24/09Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	Beware of the hired hand. It is the obligation of the judge to make judgment and the umpire to call balls and strikes.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama are welcomed by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II to Buckingham Palace in London, April 1, 2009. Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	The pictures are to be treasured.History in the making for sure.Any way they can be published?
On a tour of the State Floor of the White House, President Barack Obama looks at a portrait of John F. Kennedy by Aaron Shikler. 1/24/09Official Photo by Pete Souza	Looking up at a picture of the great JFK, one of his idols. Very fitting indeed!
Dec. 19, 2009“The First Lady, Malia and Sasha were outside in the midst of the snowstorm playing with the family dog, Bo.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	YES! It is Wonderful to have children in the white house. Family is the Nucleus of Society...
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama visit the Childrens Garden while touring the White House grounds.1/24/09Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	I have visited the children's garden. What great memory of the White House Kids
May 19, 2009“The President was leaving the State Floor after an event and found Sasha in the elevator ready to head upstairs to the private residence. He decided to ride upstairs with her before returning to the Oval Office.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	I can't help but think of the many times he could have used a hug like this from his own father and didn't get one.  
The President walks with Today Show host Matt Lauer on the State Floor of the White House on Super Bowl Sunday. During the interview, the President discussed the stimulus package 2/1/09Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	The press serves no one and on good days, not even the dollar.
May 8, 2009“A temporary White House staffer, Carlton Philadelphia, brought his family to the Oval Office for a farewell photo with President Obama. Carlton’s son softly told the President he had just gotten a haircut like President Obama, and asked if he could feel the President’s head to see if it felt the same as his.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	SWEET! What a wonderful president we have who takes time to answer children's questions, even if it's about his hair cut.
Dec. 19, 2009“We returned from Copenhagen to a huge snowstorm in Washington. At one point, it didn’t even look like we could land at Andrews Air Force Base. Later that day, a Saturday, the President surveyed the snowfall from the Oval Office.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	kind of cool to know he was glued to the window just like the rest of us in DC were during the snowstorm
President Barack Obama is given the Oath of Office for a second time by Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr. in the Map Room of the White House 1/21/09. Official White House photo by Pete Souza	When he's sworn in the second time, the Chief Justice better get it right!
President Barack Obama in the Oval Office on his first day in office 1/21/09.Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	Honored to have you as our President.Your first day in office  was such a big event for the world.
Dec. 6, 2009“Having seen more than 25 Bruce Springsteen concerts since 1978 and having seen just about every movie Robert DeNiro has ever made, it was a great thrill to be in their presence as the President greeted them before the Kennedy Center Honors at the White House.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Obama has been to 25 Bruce shows?! Was he the only black guy at every single one (aside from the Big Man)?
Aug. 25, 2009“On vacation in Martha’s Vineyard, the President shared a moment with his young niece, Savita.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	This child will remember this picture for the rest of her life, simply as Uncle Barack taking time with me...  
Dec. 10, 2009“Before the Nobel Peace Prize dinner in Oslo, the President and First Lady wave from a balcony to the crowd gathered below in the town square. Not only did I have a unique vantage point, I was also able to keep warm on a very chilly night.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Thanks for a view of the White House hope to visit this summer with the grandkids.
May 22, 2009“We were flying to the U.S. Naval Academy aboard the Marine One helicopter and the President was reading the business section of the New York Times. He is a voracious reader.” (Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	The brain is the base of the man, and brings out the best of him!
President Barack Obama surveys the Cabinet room with family members while touring the White House on his first day in office.1/21/09Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	my teritory and will be a war room in soon.what is this on the table!
President Barack Obama walks on the Colonnade with David Axelrod and Reggie Love (c) on his first day in office 1/21/09.Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	Getting the job done from the start, never stop til the finish. The first day of the future.
Oct. 14, 2009“The President appears in deep thought as he and senior advisor David Axelrod listen during a climate change meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House. A moment later, he was laughing at a humorous exchange.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	(Regrettably, this will be the way everyone feels about climate change in a couple of decades...)
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wear 3-D glasses while watching a TV commercial during Super Bowl 43, Arizona Cardinals vs.Pittsburgh Steelers, in the family theater of the White House on February 1, 2009.Guests included family, friends, Cabinet members, staff members and bipartisan members of Congress.	You have a theater in the white house LUCKY what movie were you watching????????
President Barack Obama meets with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Oval Office shortly after she was confirmed and sworn in on Wednesday, Jan. 21, 2009. Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	I'd love to be a fly on the wall in that room
Nov. 16, 2009“The President listens during a meeting aboard Air Force One as we flew to Beijing, China.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	ONE day i hope to fly in Air Force One 
Sept. 27, 2009“The President and his daughter Sasha read one of Thomas Jefferson’s speeches at the Jefferson Memorial one Sunday night in Washington, D.C. The entire family toured the Memorial and later the Washington Monument.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	I was there the week before and visited the White House and all the monuments. I loved DC. It was beautiful and I love this picture.
July 4, 2009“President and Mrs. Obama were watching the Fourth of July fireworks from the roof of the White House. What a great vantage point to not only see the fireworks, but also watch the Foo Fighters who were performing on the South Lawn.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	This photo is a beautiful photo that could've been taken for any of us... power to them, that they represent the best among us :)
Dec. 3, 2009“President Obama heads along the White House colonnade to the residence after leaving the Oval Office for the day.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Cool cat....walking home after a long day at the office of America. Rest well Sir!
Sept. 17, 2009“The President and First Lady console Paul and Janet Monti, parents of Army Sgt. 1st Class Jared C. Monti, in the Blue Room of the White House following a Medal of Honor ceremony for their son.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Bless all our soldiers at home and abroad. It is so sad when any one of them has to perish in the line of duty!
July 7, 2009“Family dinner is usually private time. But I heard they were having dinner atop their hotel in Moscow, which overlooked the Kremlin. When they first sat down, Sasha was just having some fun with her dad.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Hope they were dining what  at one time was the "Siskin Inn" in Moscow.  My Grandparents nephew once managed that Inn.
President Barack Obama speaks with a foreign leader in the Oval Office on his first day in office 1/21/09. Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	this is a face of man who works
Jan. 20, 2009“We were on a freight elevator headed to one of the Inaugural Balls.It was quite chilly, so the President removed his tuxedo jacket and put it over the shoulders of his wife.Then they had a semi-private moment as staff member and Secret Service agents tried not to look.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	" so the President removed his tuxedo jacket and put it over the shoulders of his wife"......AAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWW!
President Barack Obama walks into the Oval Office at the White House Wednesday morning, Jan. 21, 2009, for his first full day in office. His Personal Aide Reggie Love stands nearby. Official White House photo by Pete Souza	I wonder how the President felt on his first day in the office, having the expectations of the world on his shoulders. God Bless this wonderful President.
Dec. 1, 2009“The President delivers remarks on Afghanistan before cadets at West Point.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	@Alana:  you are right, the cadet was snoozing.  I was moved by this presentation, however.  Yes he did!
Jan. 16, 2010“President Obama had called on the two former Presidents to help with the situation in Haiti. During their public remarks in the Rose Garden, President Clinton had said about President Bush, ‘I’ve already figured out how I can get him to do some things that he didn’t sign on for.’ Later, back in the Oval, President Bush is jokingly asking President Clinton what were those things he had in mind.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	It would have been great if President Clinton gave back one of the "W" computer keys to President Bush at this meeting.  
Oct. 8, 2009“The President jockeys for a rebound with Congressmen during a basketball game at the White House. I think opponents are always surprised at how tough and competitive he can be.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Now there's a picture I never would be made public-the most powerful man in the free world and other VIPs having a game of B-Ball at the White House-Great shot!!
Jan. 20, 2009“President-elect Barack Obama was about to walk out to take the oath of office. Backstage at the U.S. Capitol, he took one last look at his appearance in the mirror.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	Shows the narcissisitic nature of our President. . has to keep looking at himself in the mirror!  Look at the defintiion of a narcissist.
July 11, 2009“When I tell people this is the departure ceremony from Ghana, they ask ‘why is he walking away from the plane.’ His motorcade had just brought him to the airport, and the First Family was walking to the stage where he was to give his farewell remarks.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	yes i remember that day where i saw him. one of my better life days all of us went to the airport to hear president Obama befor he leaves
Oct. 13, 2009“Much to Sasha’s chagrin, the President starts dancing to the music at the Fiesta Latina event on the South Lawn of the White House.”(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)	This is what the US and the rest of the world need...this type of FAMILY spirit.
President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden laugh together in the Oval Office, 1/22/09. Official White House Photo by Pete Souza	Strongest team, and always unified.I will vote for you Mr Biden when My President in no longer in the office.
The fight for health reform has been a reminder that while change is never easy, it’s always possible.	My prayer is that this stop being a political battle, and Americans give it a chance.  
President Obama signs student loans reform into law to make college more affordable and remove banks as middlemen for student loans.	Wonderful. Now market the need for college education to Blacks and more minorities
We said we’d stand up to the special interests, and stand up for the interests of students and families. And that's what happened.	I'm not listening to the sceptics, its all nonsense.Thanks for standing up for the working class.
Three years later, a promised fulfilled.	Funny....during the campaign I would have sworn I was promised a public option.
This is why we're fighting.	O.m.g. This is Obama! XD
Today's health care status quo is unsustainable. If we do nothing, 625 more people will continue to lose their insurance every hour. If we do nothing, by 2020 health insurance premiums will nearly double.	The people trying to stop this legislation seem to be the ones that already have health insurance and are paying the lowest premiums.Go figure!!GO OBAMA!!
In the end, this debate is about far more than politics. It comes down to what kind of country we want to be.	This debate is so much more than politics!  When we as a society don't take of the  weak and infirm, then shame on us! 
When we succeed in this historic effort to improve our health care system, it will be because of you.	Keep up the good work.Let's not let the special interests take this over.We need health care for our residents.
Our future is determined each and every day, when our children enter the classroom, ready to learn and brimming with promise.	Education is one of many fundamentals that we need to prepare for the future of our nation and insure our children have the tools to succeed. Mr President Thank You!
Today is a good day for American consumers  the credit card reform we fought for last year takes effect.	The credit card companies already raked us over the coals.The legislation should have been effective the day you signed it.Thanks for trying though.
"Public schools that encourage systemic reform and embrace effective approaches to teaching and learning help prepare America’s students to graduate ready for college and a career, and enable them to out-compete any worker, anywhere in the world. This is your opportunity to show me why your school exemplifies the best that our education system has to offer."	Great opportunity!Definately something all should take advantage of.Thanks you President Obama for your courage, leadership and efforts to get America back on track.
President Obama at a "Christmas in Washington" celebration at the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C.	Well look at the Obama's pretending to be Christian......the masters of deceit.
"We can acknowledge that oppression will always be with us, and still strive for justice. We can admit the intractability of deprivation, and still strive for dignity. Clear-eyed, we can understand that there will be war, and still strive for peace."—President Obama accepting the Nobel Peace Prize	Sometimes there is no choice but war, and that will be the beginning of peace. Those who have faith in peace always win.
The President takes part in a bipartisan congressional meeting.	CONGRATULATIONS!!!     IT was a no brained.  That even gave the Tea Party a chance to figure it out.
Bump.	CONGRATULATIONS!!!     IT was a no brained.  That even gave the Tea Party a chance to figure it out.
President Obama, Vice President Biden, and Secretary Clinton walk out of the West Wing together.	I think  mrs Clinton should stay as  Secretary of State because the president still need her and her influence in rebuilding America's image  around the world
