Tonight, the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this year’s hurricanes. Join us. Tune in and find out how you can help at OneAmericaAppeal.org.	USA need more Barack Obama leadership and belief in their people.  Great job while you where there only for the world to watch your hardwork come undone.
The choice between protecting our planet and building a strong economy is a false one.	Cosi Hofman allow me to highlight: "the choice between protecting our planet and building a strong economy is a false one"
Education is power—that's why First Lady Michelle Obama is fighting to make sure girls across the globe have access to it.	When they are educated they will know how terrible Monsanto is and how your administration did nothing to stop the spread of GMO's. Then What?
The record-breaking heat we've been seeing year after year is contributing to the number of fires that break out, the acreage that burns, and the duration of the season.	biggest threat is that the Forestry Dept. is not allowed to do controlled burns for over 40 years and the over growth accumulated.
Countries across the globe have united in a groundbreaking agreement to fight climate change—that's what meaningful progress looks like.	Mr presidant obama we cant late in offer truth soultion to climate change majoar countries main players in pouplation
Another day has gone by without the hearing Judge Garland deserves. Senate leaders' refusal to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable.	26 days from now the lame duck congress may move very quickly to a hearing but the name may be withdrawn.
"When many seats on the bench are empty and caseloads are heavy, justice is delayed."	I only hope people are starting to see the republicans for the obstructionists they are and replace them in this election.
Unfair, predatory practices have no place in an economy that works for all Americans.	Unfair, predatory practices have no place in our world today!
"Today the world meets the moment.” —President Obama	"Today the world meets the moment.” —President ObamaThank you so much from in JapanRamcocomirikawilliamus
This is our best possible shot to save the planet from the devastating effects of climate change.	Now let's save America from the Devastating effects of the Obama Presidency....
By blocking a Supreme Court nominee, Senate obstructionists have indefinitely delayed critical decisions that affect millions of Americans. Senate leaders need to stop treating the vacancy like a game. http://ofa.bo/2du4cWe	They need to stop treating the entire United States government as a game.
This is crucial progress in the push for better workplace policies.	Well. In the UK, the Tory-right wing-government is pushing for worse workplace policies.
This is not how to treat your country with respect. http://ofa.bo/2d1UbNK	You have no right to speak of how to treat a country with respect
Judge Garland has had overwhelming bipartisan support in the past—even from senators who are currently obstructing his confirmation.	Judge Garland shouldn't have had to be humiliated by the representatives of Congress and the Senate!
Our economy is getting stronger, with a growing middle class and a shrinking number of Americans now living below the poverty line.	.president Liar, the middle class is shrinking, the poor is poorer and more people are Unemployed and on gov't assistant under your reign of terror.
According to a new report, climate change is likely to pose a threat to national security—we can't afford to deny it.	Hillary Clinton also will likely pose a threat to national security and you say we should vote for her? We can't afford to deny that.
"Such a lengthy period of record-setting warmth is unprecedented in 137 years of temperature observation."	Pretty sure the average eath temperature was warmer than this before the last ice age that we are still recovering from?
It's been more than six months, and Senate leaders are still refusing to give Judge Garland a fair hearing. This obstruction is unprecedented, and it needs to end.	I'm FED UP with all this💩💩💩💩!!! We as a country need to get it together or else...😡😡😡😡
Judge Garland received the American Bar Association's highest possible rating. Senate leaders should at least give him a fair hearing.	I'm just glad that Grassley had time to climb to the top of a windmill, but not take the time to honor hearings for this fine gentleman.....
The Supreme Court still has a vacant seat.President Obama's nominee is still waiting for a hearing.	I am still waiting for a decent job. But, I've been waiting since 1980.
President Obama continues his work on conservation, protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the coast of New England.	Now Obama moved the Marine Memorial to off shore in New England!?  Does Arlington know about this!!.
"There should not be an empty seat on the bench when the Supreme Court convenes on the first Monday in October."Senator Leahy calls on his colleagues to correct the course of their unprecedented obstruction and consider Chief Judge Garland's nomination to the Supreme Court.	Truth be told Americans would rather have an empty seat than have a full bench that supports the previous decision on Citizens United.  Legalized corruption was the result.
We have to keep building on the progress we've made in tackling climate change.	Vote blue, to have any chance of addressing the climate change issue in our lifetime.
Solar power continues to gain traction across the country. Read how this important industry is growing.	Great mr president with the advance technology of digolised word it is with great advantage to most rural areas where electricity is in adequate i ilike it.
We have to keep building on the progress we've made in tackling climate change.	More dramatically than the  national economic problems were facing, which are incidently due in part to government regulations which are supposed to slow climate change?  Highly improbable.
The Paris Climate Agreement is now a step closer to going into effect. But we can't stop there.	You know what's terrifying?The President I love isn't putting a stop to the Dakota Pipeline.Shameful what's going on there.
Senate leaders are back from recess now, and they have the opportunity to get important work done—like giving Judge Garland a hearing.	The only work that any of them are going to do is in getting themselves reelected. Remove , Reject and Replace , send them home
"Healthy and diverse lands and waters help us build resilience to climate change." —President Obama	it's good to save the marine conservation and help resolving inside habitats
It's time to put politics aside and get to work.	Why don't you set an example and put politics aside and so the Senate can get back to work?
Over the last eight years, we have built a stronger economy that works better for the American people.	America has built a stronger economy indeed....Without President Obama,America economy wouldn't have been as strong as it is today.....Thanks to President Barack Obama!.....Like,if you believe this!!
The Constitution is the law of the land. Senate leaders should not ignore it.	Indeed the constitution is the suprime law of the land and all should follow it accordingly.
Show them what you're organizing for. http://ofa.bo/2bMVxva	MR. Dee Joseph why are you blaming President Obama for everything you have to accept some responsibility like we all  should.
President Obama has more than doubled the number of acres of land and water protected by any other U.S. president.	What about the land in North Dakota that is being torn up and breaking treaties?!
We've come a long way, but there's still work to do to make sure our daughters have the same opportunities as our sons.	We need to make sure our veterans have the same opportunities as the illegal aliens you allow to remain in this country first.
Our national parks are part of our collective cultural history, and President Obama has protected another 22 sites since 2008. Happy 100th birthday to the National Park Service.	Congratulation to Mr Presiden Obama US for protecting national parks as collective cultural history, for another 22 sites since 2008. Happy 100th birthday to the National Park Service.
Today, on the 100th birthday of the National Park Service, let's recommit to safeguarding our nation's natural treasures for generations to come.	Thank you President Obama for recognizing the importance of the National PRks and wild life. So important to take of nature! Pam Lea
Judge Merrick Garland should be no different.	""""Judge Merrick Garland should be no different."""", true>>>>>>
We've come so far, but there's more work to do.	Yes Obama has more damage to do like 💀 bring more people here to take our freedom!!🐍🐀👺🐍🐍🐍
Whether in your neighborhood or beyond—organize.	We love you President Obama you are the best . President in the world .God bless you and your family .
While deniers try to stall progress in the fight against climate change, we continue to break global heat records. We can't afford not to act now.	Mr President we will continue to do little we can do reverse the climate change God helping us
New efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks will improve air quality and lower fuel costs—all while combating climate change. http://ofa.bo/2b4UINC	New efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks will improve air quality
It's been more than 150 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland.Senate leaders: Do your jobs.	It's been like 6 years since ISIS has been killing people, do your job.
For a record-breaking 153 days, Senate obstructionists have refused to hold a hearing for one of the most well qualified Supreme Court nominees in U.S. history. That's unacceptable.	It goes against convention to confirm a Supreme Court nomination in an election year. It isn't one rule for Obama and another for other presidents.
Gender equality in the 21st century has come a long way, but there's still work to be done.	Note this universal truth that World's time going to finish  have so many symdom -one of that is women's become more and more powerful work in outside*.
The Clean Power Plan is a significant step in combating climate change—and we need to keep moving forward.	Absolutely we can use Clean Power Plan in curbing climate change, we need an elite Countries to take the lead for us to move forward.
We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave. It's time to catch up.	Why are we the only industrialized nation without paid family leave? Answer: Republican Congress.
Some of the same senators actively trying to block Judge Garland from the Supreme Court supported him in the past.	from the party that controls congress, power of the senate to approve judicial appointments, the Law and Order group...do the job you are paid to do...allow votes!
The American people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.	The American people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.The Iranian people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.
Share the news: Under President Obama, we've cut the deficit significantly since 2009.	U cut the deficit ?It's 14 Trillion dollars!The highest it's ever been combined!Is this a joke?
Improving energy efficiency saves American families money and fights climate change—and President Obama has made it a priority.	That's great President about energy saving as well as to fight against global warming and climate change and protect our planet.....
Senate leaders aren't taking their responsibility seriously enough. The Supreme Court needs nine justices.	no they are taking things seriously and questioning you for a change, something they should have done to begin with and stopped a lot of your mess,
In the weekly address, President Obama wishes our Olympic athletes well:"To all of our Olympic and Paralympic athletes wearing the red, white, and blue—know that your country couldn’t be prouder of you. We admire all the work you’ve done to get to Rio and everything you’ll do there. Thank you for showing the world the best of America. And know that when you get up on that podium, we’ll be singing the National Anthem—and maybe even shedding a tear—right alongside you.  "Now go bring home the gold!" —President Obama	He not just our President but he will go down in history as one of the greatest presidents.As our President says, Now bring the gold home!
This is great news—but we can do more to make sure our economy works for everyone.	but we can do more to make sure our economy works for everyone.
It's President Obama's last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Let's make it count. http://ofa.bo/2axqWqc	Great that this is Obama's last birthday in Washington.
Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real and man-made—and the Clean Power Plan is a bold step to address it. But deniers still want to hold that progress back.	Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real and man-made— The rest vote Trump
The Clean Power Plan helped pave the way for the historic Paris Climate Agreement—the first-ever global climate deal.	The climate global ,it's not depend the government,depends the all citizen,organizations,manor,good consciences!to transform Word in better life for generations in the future!
This is about basic respect for our democratic process. Senate leaders need to stop playing games with our Supreme Court and give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.	We need a Supreme Court justice now and Congress should do their job!  Obama on the Supreme Court is a winner for the future.
President Obama's last birthday in office is coming up—send your best wishes.	Happy birthday Mr President Barack Obama in your 55th birthday in your last few months in office as USA President before November 2016 after that there will be President elect
Show President Obama some birthday love for eight sweet years of progress. http://ofa.bo/2ach4MP	Happy birthday and many more,your the best President we ever,ever had, , ,Barack Obama .with lots of love
Climate change is a challenge we can solve if we work together and take the bold action needed.	if we work together and take the bold action needed.
It's been a record-breaking 131 days since Judge Garland was nominated to the Supreme Court, and Senate leaders are still refusing to give him a hearing and up-or-down vote. They need to take their constitutional responsibility seriously.	The World is fighting an Ideology,that's tough to defeat.Its followers are WILLING to DIE for their cause,trump doesn't have a CLUE,he's all talk.
Thanks to President Obama's new initiative, solar panels will be within reach for millions of Americans.	U could put up a solar sistem even before obama,,, just call a JEA and find out how much will cost it
The streak of broken heat records continued in June.	The extreme heat is caused by all the hot air coming from the RNC in Cleveland
Judge Garland is extremely qualified. Senate obstructionists need to stop playing political games with the Supreme Court, and give him a fair hearing.	Judge Garland allowed the Clinton Crime Family to get away with too much to be considered a candidate for SCOTUS.
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.	refusing to have a hearing is conspiracy. remove the reps from congress, less the reps that are cooperative keep their job adn rebuild their pathetic embarrassment of a party.
LAST CALL: Make your move before the fundraising deadline—chip in now.	Time to turn the page & start a new.Now it's time for a revolution..It's our time.It's Bernie time!!
It's the final stretch of OFA's fundraising deadline—can you chip in?	I can chip in the ROPE. I will even build the GALLOWS for FREE.
Today, Canada and Mexico join the United States in an ambitious commitment to cut pollution and build a more efficient and sustainable continent.	a great plan ......my country india also need this strategy to get clean energy sources .....
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote.	We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Eight justices isn't enough.	And one Obama appointed judge is too much.
You can help drive this movement forward.	Amazing, i can also help drive the movement forward
"The arc of our history is clear—it’s an arc of progress." —President Obama	"The arc of our history is clear—it’s an arc of progress." —President Obama
Celebrate the progress we've made together—and recommit to the fight for full equality for LGBT Americans.	All nations need equality it's will be good for the peace
We've made big strides toward equality, but the work to end discrimination against the LGBT community isn't over. http://ofa.bo/vbV	My best wishes and thank to President Obama for the work to end discrimination against the LGPT Comnunity.
One year ago today, the Supreme Court made our country a little more equal for millions of Americans.	And less than one week ago the same court made the worst for millions of immigrants that work hard to make this economy stronger...
"One year ago this weekend, we lit the White House in every color—because in every state in America, you’re now free to marry the person you love. There’s still work to do. As we saw two weeks ago in Orlando, the LGBT community still faces real discrimination, real violence, real hate. So we can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	you can make one accomplissement of equality in history to be just in plestinian problem with Israel
Senate leaders' refusal to do their jobs is affecting our entire judicial system. This obstruction is unacceptable.	Talk about someone refusing to do their job... Isn't it your job to protect our country?
Enough is enough. Demand common-sense legislation from Congress. http://ofa.bo/d65U	Enough is enough! I demand common sense legislation now!
Based on his merits alone, Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing in the Senate.	He deserves a fair hearing in the Senate unless you are in the party of "No"!
This is the only planet we've got, and we have to do everything we can to protect it—including action to fight climate change.	So it's the climate that going to destroy us...not Islamic terrorists?We need to be prepared.
This weekend, President Obama explored Yosemite National Park with National Geographic and discussed the importance of fighting climate change.	Our climate change has been, since the beginning of time. Like the sun and moon.....
People across the world came together this week to show solidarity with the LGBT community. http://ofa.bo/e63m	Your tenure as president have sEen the rise of Radical Islamic Terror through out the world sir. Your policies have a lot to do with this..
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote. http://ofa.bo/waE	Why not, you let partisan politics extend to every other thing: To the classroom, to public policy, etc.
"[I] chose a career in law. Specifically a career devoted to building the kind of faith in the rule of law that civil society depends on." Watch Judge Garland talk about his life in public service. http://ofa.bo/d62F	My Best Wishes and Thank to Ptesident of Obama for chosen a career in Law. JUDGE GARLAND TALK ABOUT HIS LIFE IN PUBLIC SERVICE.
DEADLINE: This is your last chance to enter. What are you waiting for? http://ofa.bo/c60s	Great offer, iPhone is one of the coolest Smartphones we've seen this year and you have chance to win it free, What are you waiting for #єєєWinFreeiPhone
This could be an experience you'll never forget. http://ofa.bo/yYf	Nope...I don't have a chance really as I'm not an American citiizen....Such a shame!!
This could be an experience you'll never forget. http://ofa.bo/hAMu	This could be an experience
"With love, grace, and reflection, let us honor our fallen fellow Americans, known and unknown, who sacrificed their freedom to ensure our own." —President Obama	My Best Wishes and Thank to President of Obama for Honoring our fallen fellow Americans.
"The debt we owe our fallen heroes is one we can never truly repay. But our responsibility to remember is something we can live up to every day of the year." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	It's more like our responsibility to support them now that they are home is something we can live up to every day.
Start your summer off right—with a chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/jABl	I got the chance to meet President Obama in 2012 and my daughter got a hug and an autograph from him.
Across the country, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders need to get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. http://ofa.bo/fAF0	I definitely read that as "Senate leaders need to get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judy Garland" but I agree with this too.
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote: http://ofa.bo/yXH	Mr President. You do have to power to appoint the justice on your own without senate approval if the senate refuses to do their job.DO IT!
Share if you stand with the majority of Americans who believe Judge Merrick Garland should get a fair hearing.	The majority of Americans stand with the Republicans and do not want a hearing or a vote
Don't pass up this chance to meet President Obama this summer. http://ofa.bo/gACP	I really want to meet Mr. President, but I live in Denmark.. So long travel and I can't afford it lol... So no chance to meet him for me 😂
Don't pass up this chance to meet President Obama this summer. http://ofa.bo/yW4	yes.I want to meet Excellent President Obama.give me this chance
Senate leaders: Do your jobs.	I like your CHILDREN WIFE GIRLS,THAINK'SMY FATHERS OBAMA MICHEL...
After a lifetime of public service, there's absolutely no reason for Senate leaders to deny Judge Garland a hearing and timely up-or-down vote. http://ofa.bo/a61o	After a lifetime of public service, there's absolutely no reason for Merrick Garland to feel guilty about retiring. Go in peace, Sir.
"The epitome of a careful, fair, non-partisan judge.""He treated every party with dignity and respect.""One of the greatest jurists of the past century."These are the kinds of things that Judge Garland's former clerks say about their former boss. http://ofa.bo/b62f	this is is an important indication of the need to vote in as many democratic members of congress as possible.
The new overtime rule will benefit 4.2 million American workers. http://ofa.bo/xSo	Lol you mean, "The new overtime rule will allow 4.2 million American workers to abuse it."
Because of the Obama administration's new overtime rule, more middle-class families will gain economic security.	families will gain economic security.
President Obama is taking his job seriously—that's why he put forth a highly qualified nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Now it's up to Senate leaders to do the same—and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. http://ofa.bo/z0Tb	I would like to take a year off and still get paid-- where do I sign up for this job?
Share if you're proud of how the U.S. is leading the fight against climate change.	Um, I'd love to share, but the US is definitely NOT leading the fight against climate change...
This new rule will help curb methane pollution—and improve public health. http://ofa.bo/gA96	If we could get Trump to keep his mouth shut it would greatly help curb methane emissions 😂
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy. We can't afford to have it understaffed.	Judge Garland is just the type of anti-USA politician/judge that we do not need and the rest of our courts need to be purged of such anti-USA thinking.
No more excuses. The Senate needs to listen to the majority of Americans and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. http://ofa.bo/jA6O	Hey Obama! Why don't YOU listen to the majority of Americans and make Constitutional carry a federal law?
Senate leaders need to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.	I'd like to put party politics WAY aside.  Eliminate the parties.
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy. We can't afford to delay filling its vacancy any longer.	Insubordination is grounds for termination. When it comes time for their re-election, replace 'em. Mr President, please, give us the names of those individuals that are insubordinate.
It's a classic. http://ofa.bo/d5vt	It is definitely the mark of a movement. It's called a bowel movement.
President Obama just commuted the sentences of 58 men and women who have earned a second chance. http://ofa.bo/z0SX	Keep going President Obama.There are a lot of men and women who deserve another chance.Many got no social justice at all.
Every Supreme Court nominee in recent history received a public hearing. Judge Garland deserves the same respect. http://ofa.bo/e5u7	Supreme Court nominee in recent history
Judge Merrick Garland was nominated more than 40 days ago—it's time to give him the hearing he deserves. http://ofa.bo/fA9c	Judge Merrick Garland was nominated more than 40 days ago—it's time to give him the hearing he deserves
Happy Earth Day.	Judge Merrick Garland was nominated more than 40 days ago—it's time to give him the hearing he deserves
Today, the United States joined the international community in signing the Paris Agreement—a groundbreaking global effort to fight climate change. We can't let deniers hold us back. http://ofa.bo/hAEi	We support in the fight against climate change .
Investments in clean energy are investments in a more sustainable future.	more investment in clean energy :D
This year, our country made big steps forward in combating climate change. We can't let climate change deniers derail progress. http://ofa.bo/d5tM	I support progress against climate change for our children's children!!
Investing in clean energy like solar power is good for our country.	Solar power is clean energy and I'd like Italy would exploit more and better sun ,wind ,waves.
Share if you agree. #EqualPayDay	Thank you President Obama, be blessed.***.
American workers deserve the flexibility and security that comes with paid sick leave.	I love the idea of paid sick leave, it's the government forcing it on businesses that i have a problem with.
Expanding paid sick leave is good for our families and our economy. http://ofa.bo/gA4S	Yes, I support paid sick leave. Not only because it is good for employee security, but also because I don't want sick people coming to work to spread their germs!
Here's how climate change could impact sea level rise—and why it's so important to act now: http://ofa.bo/uOE	how climate change could impact sea level rise
America's economy continues to make real progress.	No, PART of America's economy continues to make real progress. :(
The future looks bright for clean energy. http://ofa.bo/fA4b	sun is The future looks bright for clean energy. .
Judge Merrick Garland should get a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote.	He should be given a chance for a hearing from both sides; nothing but grid-lock in that Congress--unbelievable!
Don't listen to the critics: American job growth continues at a robust pace.	Absolutely right, Mr.President! I do not listen to the critics.You  have made lotsa greatness to the American job growth and America as a whole!
LAST CALL: Get your donation in before midnight's deadline. http://ofa.bo/d5qW	SPECIAL COUPOUN: Use "SPRINGSALE" to get 10% on all your purchases when checking out for the spring discount campaign! Share it with your friends...www.podolex.com
You and a friend could be heading to Chicago this summer to meet James Taylor and see him perform live. http://ofa.bo/z0Np	You and a friend could be heading to Chicago this summer to meet James Taylor and see him perform live. http://ofa.bo/z0Np ~♡♡ok
The fundraising deadline is coming in at full speed. http://ofa.bo/a5sf	there is a lot of work to be done, just keep on going....
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.	Yes, Judge Garland deserves the nomination to the Supreme Court, the Senate deserves Impeachment! Let's vote the GOP OUT !
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." —President Obama	"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter. Happy Easter to all of you.
Every Supreme Court nominee in recent history has been given a fair hearing from the Senate. Judge Garland should be no different. http://ofa.bo/hA9v	If he is the nominee of the next administration, he will get a fair hearing...
Support for a fair Supreme Court nomination process is growing. http://ofa.bo/uJm	They are following the Constitution. The Presidents' nominee is a second Amendment basher and otherwise unfit for Supreme Court.
The United States and Canada just agreed to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas by as much as 45 percent by 2025. http://ofa.bo/vJV	In other news China heard about this and has cranked up pollution emissions 45 percent effective immediately lol
Senators leading the obstruction on a Supreme Court nominee have demanded up-or-down votes many times in the past. http://ofa.bo/f9yY	He and other need to leave the government and he's one more reason the GOP needs a quick death at the voting polls.
Extreme voices in the Senate shouldn't stand in the way of a fair hearing for the next Supreme Court nominee. http://ofa.bo/uIl	President Obama three in the afternoon I will pay salaries for six in the evening you come to my house looking for me Oh
The solar industry is expected to add more new electricity-generating capacity than any other sector this year. http://ofa.bo/i9yM	Endless possibilities with solar and wind for household use. Builders should have this as an option for future owners to have.
Obstructing the Supreme Court nomination process for political reasons is unprecedented and irresponsible—demand action. http://ofa.bo/uHa	The fact that Obama can get anything done in the time of unprecedented partisan politics is amazing.
These headlines say it all—it's time for Senate leaders to do their job.	Its time for senate leaders to be voted out for not doing their jobs!
Speak up for a fair and timely nomination process. Tell the Senate to do its job—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/wEt	Mr President its time for you to ENDORSE HILLARY yes its time now an that will bring the BOOM to feel the bernie
"The Recovery Act didn’t just stop the bleeding of the Great Recession. It invested in the very programs and people that form the foundation of an economy that’s gone from crisis to recovery to resurgence." —Vice President BidenRead more. http://ofa.bo/vAc	These are the kinds of programs that aid economy now and in the future.the
President Obama is building the "most expansive environmental and historic-preservation legacies in presidential history." http://ofa.bo/e5VU	Translation: Obama is grabbing up land for the federal government which is yet another action against the founding principles of America.  RODERICKE.COM
This Valentine's Day, stand up for equality. http://ofa.bo/y7p	Always stand up for equality.
"When young people are excited about science, technology, engineering, and math, that’s not just good for them. That’s good for America." —President ObamaRead more from the President's interview with Popular Science on climate change, the future, and why investing in science and technology is so important: http://ofa.bo/e5VC	Young people showing interest in those fields is good  for the whole world and not just America sir.
Love out loud. http://ofa.bo/y7j	Mr Obama when are you coming out of the closet?
2015 was another big year for clean energy. http://ofa.bo/u8K	and another big year for beheading.... by you homeboys!!!
America is about second chances, but too many nonviolent offenders are serving unfair sentences—that's a strain on our economy and our communities. http://ofa.bo/j9hP	Thank you Mr. President for looking into this unfair system and lets let this people out of jail now so they can move on with life and save us$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Our criminal justice system should be smarter, less expensive, and more effective.	The justice system should not be privatized.
Who are you rooting for?	You, President Obama, we are rooting for you!!
This is worth celebrating.	It is worth celebrating! Congratulations President Obama!
Our system must be more than just a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails. Add your name to say you agree. http://ofa.bo/e5Uk	Maybe if we gave MORE to the schools and LESS to the prisons than we would have a lot less crime ....
Private-sector companies are doing their part to make our communities safer. It's time for Congress to do its part. http://ofa.bo/a5az	Private sector companies are doing their level best to make as much money as they can off people's "safety" freakouts.  Don't be ridiculous.
Look good while fighting for progress in 2016: http://ofa.bo/d5X3	Look good while fighting for progress in 2016: ...ofa.bo/d5X3
Help spread the facts about the issues you care about most: http://ofa.bo/a5ad	Help spread the facts about the issues you care about most: ...ofa.bo/a5ad
For the sake of American families, it's time for equal pay. http://ofa.bo/x6r	For the sake of American Families, it's time for Equal Parenting Rights!! Dads Rights #thefathersrightsmovement
Seven years ago today, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—but there's still more work to do.	Only Hillary can build on what good things for Americans and the world Obama has done in his term...Republicans means to dismantle what Obama has given the world.
2015 was the hottest year ever recorded. Here's what scientists are saying—and why climate action is so important: http://ofa.bo/x6D	Science be damned!How can the planet be warming when it just snowed?I think Republicans are "right".
Millions of Americans have already enrolled through the marketplace. If you need health insurance, you can find a plan that fits your budget: http://ofa.bo/f9jX	I want to know how much money you are making off your shitty health care bill.You should be in prison for rape!
Lift off.	I want to know how much money you are making off your shitty health care bill.You should be in prison for rape!
Volunteers are sharing their personal stories to help prevent tragic acts of gun violence. Take a look: http://ofa.bo/u5c	He lets out numerous terrorists from Gittmo to continue their attack on the free world through gun violence and more...what a hypocrite.
Health insurance is only a few clicks away: http://ofa.bo/c5T1	Health insurance is kinda worthless when you have a Rockefeller "nazi-ish" healthcare standard. What good is medication, when medications are the leading cause of most diseases, AND mental illness???
The solar industry is booming.	In Bulgaria solar killing. The energy from solar is 10 times higher.don't you know it.this is big minus
Another step forward in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/c5SN	Also another step forward in the fight against water pollution.
"As Americans of all races and beliefs come together on this day of service to honor the life and legacy of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., let us pledge to recognize the common humanity of all people." —President Obama	Proud of the accomplishments from those in the past that paved the way and those that are leading to protect equal human rights and freedom. Thank you
Happy birthday to the First Lady—thank you for inspiring millions.	Happy birthday to America's First Lady, Mrs. Michelle Obama. Wishing you the best and many more to come!!!
"We wouldn't have made the kind of progress we've made without you, out there in your neighborhoods, on the streets, in your communities." —Vice President Biden to OFA supportersRead more: http://ofa.bo/w4V	Two of you have every right whatsoever to smile.Know what?You are the most admired in the world.
The solar industry added 35,000 jobs in 2015 alone—up 20 percent from 2014. http://ofa.bo/g9db	This is energy moving in the right direction. Over 20 growth in 2015, and now employs more than the oil and gas industry in the US.
Today, be sure to catch to Vice President Biden as he talks to Organizing for Action supporters about how far we've come and the path ahead in 2016. http://ofa.bo/g9dW	Trump will be the anti-Obama and fix Obama's mistakes. But only if we vote in a congress who will work for him like the Republicans worked for Obama.
"I’m more optimistic about the prospects of America than when I was as a 29-year-old kid first elected to the United States Senate." —Vice President Biden http://ofa.bo/z03q	Well Im more optimistic about the prospects of America than I was in 2009. Thanks Obama. No seriously. Thanks.
After seven years of progress, tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union and see what's in store for his last 12 months in office. http://ofa.bo/w02	President Mr Obama will remember ever in the history for his 'humanitorian approach'!
In 2007, wind power generated less than 1 percent of total electricity in the United States. Today, it's on track to reach 20 percent by 2030. http://ofa.bo/j9Xi	Twenty per cent by 2030 is just not fast enough...make that 40 percent with solar adding another twenty percent.
New year, new you? Check out your options and start this year off on the right foot. http://ofa.bo/j9Wp	Don't you smoke cigarettes?? Maybe YOU need to start out on the right foot!
Hello, 2016.	Don't you smoke cigarettes?? Maybe YOU need to start out on the right foot!
FINAL CHANCE: Time's running out to support the fight for progress in 2016. Chip in by midnight. http://ofa.bo/i9Zm	The fight for progress is getting him the hell out of office.
DEADLINE: Time's running out—beat the buzzer and chip in $5 before the fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/j9Wg	I donated for the first time ever to a presidential hopeful and not you, not yet.Put this on your agenda!!
Get ready to pitch in—the fundraising deadline is here. http://ofa.bo/c5LV	Yea, pitch in for more of this...way to go obama, you certainly did build this.   http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2015/12/30/obamas-agency-reveals-plan-give-work-permits-myriad-foreign-college-graduates/
We can't afford to go back now. http://ofa.bo/g9XN	" We can't afford to go back now."...but republicants want to take us back..... back to the 1600's.
Time to get pumped up for the fights in 2016. Here's how you can help. http://ofa.bo/f9aV	I hope when I get to the mean ship you get hurt. Hi
President Obama's last State of the Union address is January 12th—don't miss it. http://ofa.bo/g9XF	I will be in the last of your last the state of the union address,Mr PRESIDENT.
You can't aaargue with progress. Do your part to keep up the fight before the deadline. http://ofa.bo/t9VT	Hi Mr. President, if you are interested to keep your country be the No.1 leading country in the world market.Kindly drop me a message.Thanks.
Chip in today, and help give this grassroots movement a lift heading into 2016. http://ofa.bo/h9ha	Happy New year Mr President and family. All Hail to the Chief! Happy New Year to all Americans, let's make it a good one together!
"On behalf of Malia, Sasha, Bo, Sunny, Grandma, and everyone here at the White House, Merry Christmas." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Thank you, Mr. President and Mrs. Obama, as well as the rest of your family members at the White House.  Love you, from Boise, Idaho:)
The United States is leading global efforts to tackle climate change—but extreme voices in Congress are trying to stand in the way of progress. http://ofa.bo/i9ZA	"The United States is leading global efforts to tackle climate change"....After years and years of not accepting Kyoto protocol. LOL
Your bucket list won't complete itself. Here's your chance at a free trip to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/d5MA	Will a free trip to Alaska fix our economy?
The Paris Agreement marks the biggest global step toward combating climate change.	Hopefully, only the first global step toward combating climate change.
The window to chip in before the fundraising deadline is closing. http://ofa.bo/g9Wj	The only thing I would chip in for is a one way ticket for you and your administration to the middle east where you belong.  Anti-American Traitors
Stand up for long-term progress—become an OFA Champion today. http://ofa.bo/h9hB	Hallo wellkamn history's Man presiden Barack Obama Stand up for long-term progress—become an OFA Champion today.
Don't cruise past the big fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/i9Yl	Don't cruise past the big fundraising deadline Barack Obama . President Obama Declares the GOAT . http://fanfree.ga/2015/12/19/president-obama-declares-the-goat/?ckattempt=2                                                                                                               .
"The number one reason I’m optimistic going into 2016: It's you—the American people. All of this progress is because of you—because of workers rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	"All of this progress is because of you—because of workers rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done."Thanks. Is that a retraction of your "you didn't build that"?
There's still more work to do in the fight against climate change—on every level. Check out what happens when organizers come together to discuss the path forward in their communities: http://ofa.bo/j9Vj	There is a lot to be done to in the fight against police thuggery.  We demand to know what happened in Galena KS Dec 15
Don't miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. http://ofa.bo/d5Ln	Obama,once in a lifetime means,don't miss to screw tranvitte buttock and vagina.
Get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier. Add your name to enter.	Get lost in the beauty that you're not in office for much longer😊😉
The global climate agreement is a huge step forward. http://ofa.bo/s9Yb	Great now maybe all this terrorism will stop now that the global climate agreement was made 😒
LAST CHANCE: Don't miss today's deadline. Check out your options today for coverage that begins on January 1st. http://ofa.bo/f9ZP	Yes sign up for your health care, do not worry if you can't pay for it...we will make the working people of this country pay for your share.
Here's your chance to take in the beauty of Alaska—and recommit to the fight for climate action. Enter now: http://ofa.bo/e5Ic	Charly Michel, Mr. President,  it's my pleasure to spend a visit in the word of ALASKA! Thank you very much for your well done job in climate protection. (y)
Nearly 200 countries came together to commit to global action on climate change—show your support: http://ofa.bo/d5LM	Everyone must try to take action against climate changeThanks Nearly 200 countries.Thanks president Obama.
Get ready for a healthy, happy new year with coverage you can afford. Enroll today: http://ofa.bo/h9g3	Our insurance is going up $600 a month starting in January.  How can that be called "affordable"????
As the global climate talks continue, don't miss your chance to be part of this historic moment. Here's how you can get involved: http://ofa.bo/e5I7	We need to support that climate change problem, be ready to act together. This is our future !
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to cut pollution and fight climate change.	An umbrella fights back more climate change than all the wasted time of 180 nations bs leaders.
The global community is coming together to work toward progress on climate change.	Thats a great achievement by your leadership and the commitment to take action on climate change which is extremely needed to save our earth and for future generation ....
Obamacare provisions have helped save billions of dollars—and thousands of lives. See the numbers: http://ofa.bo/a5M7	Its helped saved billions of dollars  and thousands of lives yet premiums are raising, what's missing here.
Sixty years ago today, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat—and changed America.	Thank you to the girl who refused to give up her seat before Rosa as well, love to you both
Read from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on why the global community is in a strong position heading into the international climate talks. http://ofa.bo/c5HX	Climate change is so devastating. U.S to lead in global agreement is crucial for the future betterment.
"I hope that you and your family have a wonderful Thanksgiving, surrounded by loved ones, and full of joy and gratitude." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Thanks President Obama! I hope your family and the White House had a wonderful Thanksgiving as well.
Organizers in Tennessee are working hard to expand health care coverage in their communities. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r9X7	... Tennessee is going to start expanding health care coverage by distributing, and encouraging the use of, shoes to its citizens..!! Lol
Happy Birthday, Vice President Biden.	... Tennessee is going to start expanding health care coverage by distributing, and encouraging the use of, shoes to its citizens..!! Lol
We have to act on climate change now. http://ofa.bo/g9TO	We have to act on climate change yesterday. But better now than tomorrow.
After the OFA Fall Summit, these organizers are fired up and ready to keep working. http://ofa.bo/p9bI	Latinos are getting PISSED ,, refugees get to cut to the front of the line for green cards.
In just two weeks, countries all over the world are gathering for an international conference to tackle climate change—but there are still many in Congress who would like to derail it.Add your name to stand up for strong global efforts to tackle climate change. http://ofa.bo/f9Vq	Shouldn't countries all over the world be trying to tackle the terrorist hurting innocent people, they're going to kill us before climate change does! 🙄
GQ's Man of the Year talks family, basketball, and what it's like to know what's inside Area 51. Read the interview: http://ofa.bo/a5Kk	Bruce Jenner is the woman of the year and Obamas the man of the year..?Sure.Id like to know who decides these things.
The science is clear: Climate change is real and man-made—which is why the Clean Power Plan is so important.	Climate change is real and is NOT man-made!
Climate change is real—and we have to act now. http://ofa.bo/q9PM	If we have to act now to slow climate change, then why are you signing the TPP?
"Today, we gather once more to salute every patriot who has ever proudly worn the uniform of the United States of America." —President Obama	If it is a pride wear the uniform of the patriots, proud to be given more united states of america, greetings to all estadounidenes !!!
"These tough new rules level the playing field, and when American workers have a fair chance to compete, I believe they’ll win every time." —President Obama on the Trans-Pacific PartnershipRead more: http://ofa.bo/f9Vf	Will the workers of partner countries have a fair chance in competition with the US dictated rules? Obviously not if American workers win every time!
"If you haven’t gotten covered yet, or if you care about someone who hasn’t gotten covered yet, now’s your chance. It’s open enrollment season for the health insurance marketplace." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	Obamacare the unaffordable health coverage its expensive and now you want me to also pay for my prescriptions what sense does that make
BREAKING: President Obama just rejected the Keystone XL pipeline—another huge step in the fight against climate change. Join this fight. http://ofa.bo/p9ai	President, you should be strutting! That was such a win in terms of leadership on climate change, diplomacy with Canada and in setting the record right on domestic economy!
Take some time and check out your options today. http://ofa.bo/s9UO	if this health insurance is so good why are you  and your family and Congress required to sign up for it?
Read how the Trans-Pacific Partnership ensures American leadership on trade. http://ofa.bo/b5ME	It ensures the leadership of corporations, to the detriment of the American public and the environment, among other things.
Open enrollment is here.	Pete,  the law is a DISASTER
Happy Halloween.	Pete,  the law is a DISASTER
"It’s not about politics. It’s about whether we as a nation live up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all. And working together, we can make sure that we do." —President Obama on criminal justice reformWatch the weekly address.	Well when are you gonna start living up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all????????
REMINDER:	Well when are you gonna start living up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all????????
Don't let climate change deniers and big polluters derail the Clean Power Plan—show your support: http://ofa.bo/b5Ly	Don't let climate change deniers and big polluters derail a chance for 0bama to tax the hell out of the middle class.
Mayors are calling on Congress to do something about gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/e5Es	Mayors should call on Congress to do something about gunlobby in America.
Mark your calendar.	Mark your calendar, Mr. President.http://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?iso=20161108T07&p0=611&msg=Countdown+until+Obama+is+OUT+OF+OFFICE
Federal limits on methane pollution will help fight climate change and improve public health. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/r9VV	http://VXR7sXL.blogspot.com and will methane on limits help ofa.bor9VV health. your
"Because America is leading by example, 150 countries, representing 85% of global emissions, have now laid out plans to reduce their levels of harmful carbon pollution that warms our planet." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	"Leading by example", Mr. President how can you blow smoke about leading the world in the combat against pollution when Germany's energy is 50% green energy....what's Americas?
We need new standards to help curb methane pollution—and improve public health. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/j9Qc	Please for my children let's enforce effective policies to battle our methane and carbon output
Another reason why action on climate change is so important. ofa.bo/q9Oq	Whether or not people believe it, climate change is happening.....
It's time to do something. http://ofa.bo/a5Jo	It's time to shut up about gun control, make everyone armed and teach everyone how to defend themselves with one anything else won't work PERIOD
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses. http://ofa.bo/c5FU	They may be running out of excuses, but they're not running out of money.
It's time to take action.	http://GQIKxmo.blogspot.com It's time to take action.
"In too many cases, our criminal justice system is a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	http://ZFAc9Ei.blogspot.com "In schools jails." the is pipeline many to cases, is from
Under the Obama administration, the deficit has been cut by roughly three-quarters since 2009. http://ofa.bo/h9bO	http://lhA1rUy.blogspot.com been deficit the Obama been 2009. administration,
Gun violence shouldn't be so commonplace. It's time for Congress to do something about it. http://ofa.bo/i9TA	I agree  is time for Congress to  do something about this  evil guns  violence. People's lives  matter.
Seventy percent of Americans agree on the science of climate change. It's time for deniers in Congress to listen. http://ofa.bo/g9Rs	Since 98% of scientists say that humans have contributed to the climate change, in large measure....but most of the GOP does not care about science or facts.
Here's another reason why taking action to fight climate change is so important. http://ofa.bo/r9UW	http://pLBGCUN.blogspot.com fight climate Here's action why taking is
Repealing Obamacare would be devastating for millions of families.	...Forcing it into law was devastating for millions of families...
"This week, after five years of effort with eleven other nations, we reached agreement on a new trade deal that promotes American values and protects American workers." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address. http://ofa.bo/e5DV	Obama this is not good for the American people,if its a good deal the American can have the details of the agreement,
More than 10,000 Americans die from gun violence each year—that can change.	And 20,000 more die from gun suicide each year.
Mass shootings are far too commonplace in the United States—but that can change. Add your name if you want Congress to do something about gun violence. http://ofa.bo/p9YJ	I am Italian so there's nothing I can do about it but the Congress must do something asap, in order to prevent gun violence!
Add your name to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)—a trade deal that boosts American-made exports, supports higher-paying jobs, and protects American workers. http://ofa.bo/p9YE	NAFTA and CAFTA had the same rhetoric. I support you Mr President, and support the Iran deal (and great job Mr. Kerry), but respectfully I decline to support the TPP.
The largest regional trade accord in history has the chance to set enforceable labor and environmental standards around the Pacific. http://ofa.bo/t9OX	"The largest regional trade accord in  history has a chance to set enforceable labor and environmental standards around the Pacific."  Yeah, a fat chance...and no chance of helping American workers.
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget rather than flirt with another shutdown. A serious budget is one that keeps America strong." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Stop spending and they will make a budget that's reasonable.  Every year with you Obama, look in he mirror and you'll see the problem!
DEADLINE: Chip in to support this movement before time runs out. http://ofa.bo/r9Su	I'll support any movement that ends with you leaving the white house.You don't have to jog though.You could just walk.
Start testing your best joke. You could be telling it to President Obama: http://ofa.bo/h9Z7	wtf...the only way you can enter is to make a donation? i need donations myself!
In this exclusive interview with Rolling Stone, President Obama discusses the importance of creativity when it comes to fighting climate change. http://ofa.bo/f9SQ	Obama needs to understand that climate change is not just an Alaska thing, it's happening in his own backyard!
"We’ve got to make sure that our criminal justice system works.” —President ObamaGo behind the scenes of the President's recent trip to a federal prison. http://ofa.bo/e5CC	"We’ve got to make sure that our criminal justice system works.” —President ObamaInteresting that he calls it ""our criminal justice system"Slip of the...
Fight to keep this powerful movement going. Chip in: http://ofa.bo/b5J0	I just made a contribution! I want to help the President <3  and Michelle <3  to keep this powerful movement going!  (Y) :)
Start working on your entrance. Here's your chance to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/j9Nc	I want really to meet the great man of the world President Obama God bless you and your family.
Fall leaves. Sunglasses. President Obama. Enter for your chance to meet the Commander-in-Chief. http://ofa.bo/g9Ph	Your chance to give Obama money before he'll let you meet him.
Climate change is an urgent problem. Read more from Pope Francis: http://ofa.bo/e5Bf	Climate change is definitely an urgent crisis...Congress needs to act.
Lend a hand—chip in to support this movement: http://ofa.bo/q9Lh	Make a dontation?  in this economy and i have to pay for everyone on obamacare.  Get real.
Here's your chance to have President Obama welcome you with open arms: http://ofa.bo/g9PX	I would like to meet with you but  I will pay my expenses because i need your inspiration and I like your speeches on improving people's lives.
This number is great news. But there's still more work to do to get people covered. http://ofa.bo/p9W3	All the Republicans already said if they do become president they're going to do all they can to unravel Obamacare...Which is bullish*t. Cuz it's working fine for so many people....
Lights, camera—President Obama. Enter for your chance to meet him this fall. http://ofa.bo/r9QG	I just want to meet him and thank him for his excellent job. How l wish Michelle Obama could run for president that way he don't have leave Whitehouse.
Time is running out for Congress to pass a budget and avoid another government shutdown. http://ofa.bo/b5HH	Time for Obama to submit a Budget, once out of 6 years is a bad record.
Take a look at how climate change is affecting global temperatures. http://ofa.bo/c5Aw	Climate change has been a natural occurrence since the beginning of earth. Are you sure global warming is happening. And isn't just a climate change.
"America is great right now—not because of our government, or our wealth, or our power, but because of everyone who works hard every day to move this country forward. Now Congress needs to work as hard as you do." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	Thanks to you, our country is in great shape.  I am so proud of what you have accomplished.........Keep up the good work.....
People shouldn't have to choose between taking care of a sick loved one and getting a paycheck. http://ofa.bo/d5Aq	For most of the Europeans it' considered only normal to have paid leave when one is ill; or for sure when a mother is having a baby.
This is what it looks like when countries work together on climate change. http://ofa.bo/p9SQ	That's right President Obama , countries work together on climate change.
The number of Americans without health insurance continues to drop—thanks to Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/q9H4	the ACA  is  working to expand health care  coverage  in every state...
The deficit cut by two-thirds, the lowest unemployment rate in seven years, and the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record—but there's more work to do.	His own deficit cut by 2/3 still higher than any other president in history, real unemployment hovering around 11% labor participation rate at around 50% lowest since great depression
Coming out of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, the economy has added 13.1 million jobs over 66 straight months—the longest streak on record. Take a look at how far we've come: http://ofa.bo/c58Z	President Obama saved America from financial ruin and made the economy even stronger than it was before the recession!
Change starts with you. Be part of the team fighting for progress. http://ofa.bo/t9I3	Be a Part of the team fighting for the Progress of the Universe !!!
Pursuing a higher education shouldn't mean taking on a lifetime of debt.	I'm with you on this, but living shouldn't mean taking on a lifetime of debt, either.
"Americans will now have access to reliable data on every institution of higher education. You’ll be able to see how much each school’s graduates earn, how much debt they graduate with, and what percentage of a school’s students can pay back their loans." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	Best president ever. As a full time tutor, this will really help all of my students and I know so many more will benefit from this.
"In memory of those we lost, we resolved to shape a world where events like those of September 11, 2001, could never happen again, and we see this unbreakable spirit live on every day across America." —President Obama	"We resolved to shape a world where events like those of September 11, 2001, could never happen again". How's that working out for you?
Solar energy is breaking records every quarter—and this one is no different. http://ofa.bo/e54F	With solar energy it is cheap and we renew every time for free no expens,that's why it's hitting another record
Add your name and join the conversation on the Iran deal. http://ofa.bo/f9JM	deal. on deal. join join conversation and the Iran your name on  :(
"This Labor Day, let us remember the struggles and the progress that have defined America, and let us resolve to continue building a nation where everyone is treated fairly, where hard work pays off, and where all things are possible for all people." —President Obama	Thank you President Obama for reminding us of that this country offers freedom to all who seek and are willing to work for it.
This is great news for middle-class families. http://ofa.bo/c54u	"Great news for middle class families" When's the great news for working class families?
"If Congress wants to support working Americans and strengthen our middle class, they can pass a budget that invests in, not makes cuts to, the middle class." —President Obama Watch the weekly address.	If Congress wants to support working Americans and strengthen our middle class, they need to follow through and impeach the Muslim in Chief!
Check out these highlights from President Obama's trip to Alaska—including Denali, a trip to the Arctic Circle, and a spawning salmon: http://ofa.bo/q9CM	Beautiful photos of our President's trip to a Alaska!  Hope to visit again soon!!
The unemployment rate just fell to 5.1 percent—the lowest since April 2008.That's good news—but there's more work to do. http://ofa.bo/q9CJ	Congratulations Mr Obama. The employment rate is the lowest its been since you took office. 90 million not working, folks!
Facts matter—spread the word. http://ofa.bo/i9H0	Nothing but the FACTS, folks!
President Obama is fighting to restore rights for hard-working Americans. http://ofa.bo/f9Hz	Can Barack Obama spare a few minutes to fight to restore the Constitutional rights of hard working American Kim Davis?https://thepundit456.wordpress.com/2015/09/01/president-obama-is-kim-davis-worth-five-words/
Read President Obama's message on why he's traveling through Alaska this week: http://ofa.bo/r9Hn	I voted for you and very happy that I did, but at the moment the world and our nation is in CHAOS, and a little trip to Alaska isn't helping.
Before Friday's deadline, tell the Department of Labor you support modern overtime rules for a modern economy. http://ofa.bo/c53s	I support modern overtime rules for a modern economy.
Speaking in Alaska this week, President Obama emphasized the urgent global need to take action on climate change. Read more: http://ofa.bo/t9DT	There is urgent need to stop ObamaO global warming factors and base the world on clean energy The President
The renaming of Mount McKinley to Denali is a historically significant move for the people of Alaska. Read more: http://ofa.bo/s9G9	It takes a formal approval from the U.S. president to change the name that the people have been calling it. Thank you President Obama.
"I’m looking forward to talking with Alaskans about how we can work together to make America the global leader on climate change." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Mr.President, America takes the global lead on climate change always, as long as you are the President of U S, no panic.I do join you on the trip!
The fight for women's rights is far from over. Say you'll stand up for equality today. http://ofa.bo/h9MN	I stand for women's rights and human rights for every one.Thank you Mr. President for taking on this issue.
Add your name to get all the facts on the historic Iran deal. http://ofa.bo/j9AZ	The problem is, you don't have all the facts on the deal!  No one does!
Lower costs and new financial incentives will allow homeowners easier access to renewable energy. http://ofa.bo/f9Fl	Helping homeowners access renewable energy through incentives is an excellent way to cut down on carbon dioxide emissions,  and help slow down global warming.
Another important step forward in the fight to curb climate change.	change. change. climate fight to important the forward forward fight in  :* http://rq8Y8r3.blogspot.com
"When Congress gets back, they should prevent a shutdown, pass a responsible budget, and prove that this is a country that looks forward—a country that invests in our future, and keeps our economy growing for all Americans." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Your economy in United States is very good when we compare it with the rest of the world countries.
The first two women to graduate from the United States Army's Ranger School are making history—and paving the way for future generations: http://ofa.bo/h9L3	So what's the point of the commader in chief posting this when these women won't be allowed to serve because of their gender???
It's important to have all the facts about the Iran deal. Add your name to stay informed: http://ofa.bo/q996	the It's stay stay facts have your stay Iran about stay about name have to facts deal. name  :) http://4SA4UAi.blogspot.com
Read about another unprecedented step in President Obama's plan to combat climate change. http://ofa.bo/p9Ir	i support all your plans  to combat climate change
Read one organizer’s story about the fight for women’s rights—and why it’s important not to let up now. http://ofa.bo/h9Kn	Now when are you going to fight for father's rights?...or more accurately,  lack of father's rights
Spread the word.	YOU Kill the  Aktis With SHELL
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan: http://ofa.bo/f9E1	the best saying is:Don't let climate change your dinner.
A majority of Americans say they are ready for immigration reform: http://ofa.bo/p9HH	Hey majority of Americans say they are ready for Obama to get out of office
Under Obamacare, 16 million people gained health insurance and it's not the “job killer” opponents said it would be. http://ofa.bo/c4z5	This article does not report how many people are paying premiums much higher than before Obamacare nor how many people lost good insurance from their job.
"Climate change once seemed like a problem for future generations, but for most Americans, it's already a reality." —President ObamaSee why the President is heading to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/a53M	Mr. President, you already have a job cut out for you after your term...President of the Globe!How many agree with me?
The uninsured rate is down to single digits for the first time ever. That's a reason to celebrate. http://ofa.bo/f9Cx	Well yeah, it's easy to lower the uninsured rate if the uninsured are fined for not having insurance...
Women and working families need updated overtime rules.	Seniors on fix income are looking for ways to make more income.  Social security and pensions not sufficient.
Wind energy is now providing 73,000 jobs—and counting. http://ofa.bo/q96a	"Wind energy is now providing 73,000 jobs—and counting."It sure has, I've been BLOWING PEOPLE ALL DAY!-Thanks, Obama!  :D
States that embraced Obamacare saw a much bigger drop in uninsured rates this year: http://ofa.bo/g99w	Of course the uninsured rate is down in states that embraced the ACA. did anyone think they wouldn't be?
President Obama discussed the implications of the historic Iran deal in an exclusive interview with Mic. Check it out. http://ofa.bo/i9BI	Clinton's SUPPOSED deal with North Korea was a DEAL ALL RIGHT, A DEAL FOR NORTH KOREA'S TERRORIST-IN-CHARGE!!!  and this the EXAMPLE that Obama followed almost to the letter!!!
Cleaner air means healthier people.	Cleaner air means healthier people.
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy. Yet for too long, too many of our fellow citizens were denied that right, simply because of the color of their skin." —President Obama.Watch the weekly address.	President Barack Obama is 100% right but because of the Color the Whites are not happy with him because of jealousy. But God knows it.
Yesterday was the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. Read President Obama's thoughts on its legacy—and the work still ahead. http://ofa.bo/i9Ao	Yesterday was the Anniversary of Hiroshima also. Any words on that?
July marks 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth—the longest streak on record. http://ofa.bo/c4xL	Full-time job growth is on the rise along with 65 straight months of job growth.
Read President Obama's message on how you can support the Clean Power Plan: http://ofa.bo/h9HC	President Obama, thank you for all that you to to effect a change in the world.
Add your name if you support the Clean Power Plan—the biggest step America has ever taken in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/s99U	Time will show ,what a good job Obama has done. We need clean earth to fight climate chsnge.Go for it to take care of our earth.
OFA’s card is waiting for your signature. Help wish the President a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/f9An	Happy Birthday and my dream is for you to wish me a Happy Birthda some August 4th one day. (SMILE).
The Clean Power Plan will create tens of thousands of jobs, lower the cost of renewable energy, and reduce carbon pollution.Read more from White House Senior Advisor Brian Deese. http://ofa.bo/e4vJ	What about the tens of thousands of jobs that will be lost?
Birthday hat? ✓Birthday card?Sign now: http://ofa.bo/d4zG	What about the tens of thousands of jobs that will be lost?
Support the Clean Power Plan—be a part of the biggest action our country has taken to tackle climate change: http://ofa.bo/j95i	We all hope that this action must be followed by the biggest industrialized countries in the world . Mr President Obama is the best .
The Clean Power Plan is good news for our economy and for public health.	Good for public then it is also good for the whole world. Great
Haven't signed President Obama’s birthday card yet? Here’s your chance: http://ofa.bo/p9E0	Happy birthday  President Obama GOD  blessy you
"If one of the best measures of a country is how it treats its more vulnerable citizens—seniors, the poor, the sick—then America has a lot to be proud of." —President Obama on the 50th anniversary of Medicare and MedicaidWatch the weekly address.	One of the best measures of a country is how does the country treat its most vulnerable, the unborn?
Looking at you—have you signed President Obama’s birthday card yet? http://ofa.bo/p9Dl	Happy birthday President Obama...thank you for being you!
The federal minimum wage hasn’t been raised in nearly six years, but there's been progress at the local level across the country. Read how volunteers are pushing for an economy that works for everyone—not just those at the top. http://ofa.bo/f99y	Good  for them.Why is it that the minimum wage had not gone up but prices have?
Join Organizing for Action in celebrating President Obama’s birthday—add your name to the card: http://ofa.bo/h9FZ	Happy Birthday President Obama, thank you for all you've done for the US..BUT  this isgn the card link is a fund raising site not a birhday card link.not cool.
Obamacare is lowering the uninsured rate and improving Americans' health—especially in states that expanded Medicaid. http://ofa.bo/c4uV	And raising the rates for self supporting Americans.  It only benefits the poor and sick that don't qualify for state or federal disability.
This is big. http://ofa.bo/a4zG	Let's hope it is in time: https://medium.com/matter/it-s-not-climate-change-it-s-everything-change-8fd9aa671804
"As long as I’m President, I’m going to keep doing whatever I can to protect consumers, and our entire economy, from the kind of irresponsibility that led to the Great Recession in the first place." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Please President Barack Obama. After you have finished your term as President of the United States of America. Please continue to help us.
When's the last time your state raised the minimum wage? http://ofa.bo/i973	When's the last time your state raised the minimum wage yours day your state your state your country
Thanks to state lawmakers, over 180,000 working families will start seeing wage increases: http://ofa.bo/e4s4	Thanks to state lawmakers, over 180,000 working families will start seeing wage increases. Great achievement to you. Thank you so much.
Share the news. http://ofa.bo/i96c	Thanks Mr. President! You will go down as one of the best Presidents of the United States of America in history!
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. We have to be ready to face the challenges of a changing America—say you're in: http://ofa.bo/q912	That's 10,000 Americans a Month, that need to be disarmed, for the well-being, of the Country.
There's more work to do beyond Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Say you'll support safeguarding retirement security for all Americans. http://ofa.bo/j91H	I do support retirement security for all Americans.
"This week, the United States and our international partners finally achieved something that decades of animosity has not: a deal that will prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	does obama understand that a nuclear iran is a dangerout not only to Israel,but also to united states and also to  the hole world??
"We have a tendency sometimes to almost take for granted or think it's normal that so many young people end up in our criminal justice system. It's not normal. It doesn't happen in other countries." —President ObamaRead more on the President's visit to El Reno Federal Correctional Institution. http://ofa.bo/i95S	Yes he is right. Other countries don't have as many in prison, they send them to the USA.
It’s been nearly six years since the federal minimum wage was last raised. Read about how organizers are pushing for reform. http://ofa.bo/q904	Its also been nearly 6 years since federal workers have received a raise.. I make less as a federal worker than any minimum wage worker in California.
The President's actions on immigration have clear economic benefits for our country.	The Presidents actions on immigration are ILLEGAL and he should be TRIED for TREAON!!
People like Conner Adams prove that second chances can lead to amazing things. Read more: http://ofa.bo/j90N	My son needs a chance to have an amazing story!Please help him!!https://www.change.org/p/attorney-general-eric-h-holder-president-barack-obama-pardon-attorney-deborah-leff-please-grant-clemency-to-my-son-claudio-hernandez?recruiter=239223706&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&sharecordion_display=control
Obamacare is working. http://ofa.bo/b4y6	ANOTHER GREAT DAY when Barack Obama is President!
"We need to do more to help ensure that our recovery reaches every American. And that means putting retirement within reach for more Americans." —President ObamaRead more: http://ofa.bo/a4uj	President Obama, please protect Social Security from the Koch brothers. I think Kochs want that money and if TPGOPs ever get power they will give it to the Kochs.
"In this country, of all countries, a person’s ZIP code shouldn’t decide their destiny. We don’t guarantee equal outcomes, but we do strive to guarantee an equal shot at opportunity—in every neighborhood, for every American." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We don't guarantee equal outcomes but we do strive to guarantee that everyone has an equal shot at opportunity.I like that!!
Best wishes.	We don't guarantee equal outcomes but we do strive to guarantee that everyone has an equal shot at opportunity.I like that!!
The President announced three new national monuments today, marking 19 overall—the most of any administration in history. http://ofa.bo/q8qq	More big government control the communist are taking are freedom one acre at a time
Another step toward a more perfect union. http://ofa.bo/r8xp	Another step backward a more perfect union.
"As a nation, our laws finally recognize that all people should be treated with respect and dignity — and that all marriages, at their root, are defined by unconditional love." —Vice President BidenRead more: http://ofa.bo/h91m	HMMMM All people should be treated with respect and diginity.So many double standards in the White House!!!!
Women are saving more than a billion dollars—thanks to Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/t8rb	Taxpayers are paying more than a billion dollars thanks to obama care.
Your voice matters—show your support for expanding overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/f8te	I support the President for stronger overtime rules.
President Obama is making it easier for low-income homeowners and renters to switch to clean energy. http://ofa.bo/j8mc	How do you make it easier for low income people to switch to clean energy, make me and other hard working people pay for it.
Paying people fairly for the work they do seems like a no-brainer—but it’s not always a reality. Learn more about why it’s time to fix overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/g8oA	Paying people fairly for the work they do seems like a no-brainer—but it’s not always a reality. Learn more about why it’s time to fix overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/g8oA
This is the right move for middle-class families.	This was the right move for mr. Obama.
"On this most American of holidays, we remember that all who serve here at home and overseas, represent what today is all about. And we remember that their families serve, too." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address. http://ofa.bo/r8of	Mr. President you need to remember the people of this country and what we stand for.  Jihad is a hate crime too.
Happy Fourth.	Mr. President you need to remember the people of this country and what we stand for.  Jihad is a hate crime too.
June marked 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. http://ofa.bo/t8g4	How many times in our nation's history have we seen 64 consecutive months of private sector job growth?Short answer.
“We've got to keep making sure hard work is rewarded.” —President ObamaRead more on the President's plan to expand overtime pay: http://ofa.bo/f8hk	Why don't you put in a hard days work for once and get off the golf course, and earn the pay we pay you
American leadership is making a big difference in the global fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/s8hN	government involvement to impact or try and control climate change is the biggest hoax ever played on man kind!
Add your voice in support of preventing gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/t8dT	Just being in support of preventing gun violence will not make a difference. Action is needed.
Beat the buzzer—come in with the clutch donation before tonight's deadline. http://ofa.bo/h8mY	you got too much of  a free time in white house Sir. uitilize sometime for the country and not for the game :) thank you
LAST CHANCE: Don't miss this opportunity. Enter now to win a trip to Hawaii. http://ofa.bo/p8jk	Would love to go to Hawai, but sadly the competition is only open to folks in the USA :-(
Make your voice heard on gun violence prevention: http://ofa.bo/r8gv	I can't hear my voice over the rampant South Side of Chicago gun shootings!
Hawaii has been a leader in the progressive movement. (And it has pretty great weather.)Enter today for your chance to visit the Aloha State: http://ofa.bo/j8Xe	Hi Mr. President, if you are interested to keep your country be the No.1 leading country in the world market.Kindly drop me a message.
"This week, after more than fifty votes in Congress to repeal or weaken this law; after a Presidential election based in part on preserving or repealing this law; after multiple challenges to this law before the Supreme Court, we can now say this for certain: the Affordable Care Act still stands, it is working, and it is here to stay." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Tell them Mr President if congress don't want to work with you for the beneit of the American people the SUPREME COURT will.
Love just won.	"Love just won" but America just murdered, Mr. President.
Despite Obamacare working for millions of Americans, opponents are still trying to repeal it. Add your name to fight back: http://ofa.bo/r8cd	I wish Boehner and the rest of the crew would put as much effort into passing a jobs bill as they do trying to overturn the ACA. <rolls eyes>
16 million covered—and counting.	16 Million....YEA!!!!!!! Thanks President Obama!
Climate change is not some distant threat. It's already impacting the health of millions. http://ofa.bo/p8c9	Climate is already to change that is the most important issu of our's. I believe that the global warming are fictitous. Thanks Mr. Obama to about climate changes matter.
"The sooner we act, the better off America and future generations of Americans will be." —EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on fighting climate change http://ofa.bo/j8Sy	God will make the ultimate judgment! We should stand together as one before our Government folds and all of our ways of life will change here on Earth!
We believe.	God will make the ultimate judgment! We should stand together as one before our Government folds and all of our ways of life will change here on Earth!
Repealing Obamacare would have serious economic consequences. http://ofa.bo/h8cg	Repealing Obamacare would have serious consequences.like a rebellion in the population. It would cause SERIOUS PROBLEMS!!
Hundreds of bills attacking women's rights are being introduced in states across the country. Help fight back. http://ofa.bo/r8Yz	They are only the Republicans, in all the world are equal   Power of the right, the power of money, all the solutions are in the money1
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.	Happy father's day to you and all the great dads out there.
"As President, I spend most of my time focused on what we can do to grow the economy and grow new pathways of opportunity for Americans like you to get ahead. And we’ve made progress." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	I think you spend most of your time, Obama, on how corporations can expand and demoralize people in this country.
Share if you agree.	God Bless you President Obama.
The EPA is creating better efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks—which will decrease carbon emissions and save $170 billion in fuel costs over the lives of these vehicles. http://ofa.bo/g8S7	super ,we should reduce carbon emission as well as increase fuel efficiency  .
"The American people and the American economy have faced enormous pollution challenges before, and history proves we can turn incredible challenges into incredible opportunity." —EPA Administrator Gina McCarthyRead more on the economic case for fighting climate change: http://ofa.bo/r8Xs	Okay, fine... but we really shouldn't have to make an economic case for saving the planet...
Share this, and make sure your voice is heard about these attacks on women's rights. http://ofa.bo/h8aT	as you defend the Muslim Brotherhood.They don't mix...You talk out of both sides of your mouth and everyone knows it.
Great news for the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/g8Qe	The fight against climate change should be an obligation for all industrialized countries.
Game six.	The fight against climate change should be an obligation for all industrialized countries.
On the third anniversary of DACA, see how it's working to help thousands of people.	Congratulation for the third anniversary of DACA,hopeffully be better than before..God Bless you !
"We do live in a new economy. And we’ve got to adapt to make sure America leads the way in this new century, just like we did in the last." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Ya we do live in a new economy, thanks to you! A far worse one than we had when you started to destroy America from within
Obamacare has improved America's health care system. Read how: http://ofa.bo/j7tx	Keep health care the way it is!!!
200 trillion gallons of rain in only one month. http://ofa.bo/r7qr	Meanwhile in California only 3 gallons of rain
It’s time to fight back against climate change.	It’s time to fight back against climate change.Right On.
States are leading in the fight against climate change. Read about Hawaii's plan to switch to 100 percent clean energy. http://ofa.bo/g7Wy	President Obama should be more concerned about the fight against ISIS then  climate change!
Too many students are being priced out of an education. That's why the President's plan for free community college is so important. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/h7Ud	Education is an equalizer, so all community college be free and it is their tax payers money.
A recent poll shows that a clear majority of Americans oppose rolling back federal Obamacare subsidies. http://ofa.bo/g7G4	The poll shows that Republicans are out of touch with most Americans!
This is about the future of America's economy. Make your voice heard today. http://ofa.bo/i78W	College free..in Italy is different..taxes and money to envolope the management of future leaders...stage and ......the future is your thought...thanks Mr President Obama  from Florence
"We’re a nation of immigrants. It’s a source of our strength and something we all can take pride in. And this month—Immigrant Heritage Month—is a chance to share our American stories." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We are a nation of immigrants.  Most of them came here legally, and I take pride in that.
“Just because you think the path that’s right for you might be lonelier, longer or less destined for traditional success than paths taken by others, don’t be afraid to take it. If you choose your means well you will end up in the right place.” —Beau BidenRead more on the life and legacy of Beau Biden: http://ofa.bo/i749	RIP  Beau.   Condolences  to  the  VP, and  his  family. Your   faith  will  take  you  through  this  one  too .
This isn't just good news for our economy—it's good news for working families. http://ofa.bo/q6yo	TPP is bad news for working families. You are selling us out.
It's time to put politics aside and do what's right. http://ofa.bo/p76X	Yes It's time to put politics aside and do what's right.
Change only happens when people make it happen. Stand up for LGBT equality. http://ofa.bo/s6xk	God says one thing and some people says the opposite. It hasn't worked out well for people though out history. B.O. needs to rethink his desires.
97 percent of climate scientists agree: It's real. It's man-made. And it's time to do something about it.	Saying them doesn't mean it is...100 percent of those 97 percent get paid to keep the farce alive, just like you do Bamster.
Share what the fight for LGBT equality means to you: http://ofa.bo/q6kR	LGBT equality is great and all... but can we please take care of the Medical Marijuana thing!? #EqualizeIt #SafeAccessNOW! #ThxKindly
Be proud.	LGBT equality is great and all... but can we please take care of the Medical Marijuana thing!? #EqualizeIt #SafeAccessNOW! #ThxKindly
"Our journey is not complete until our lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law." —President ObamaThis Pride Month, stand on the side of equality. Add your name today: http://ofa.bo/f6h1	Sounds like a a man who wants to see everybody able to life the life of their choice with dignity.  Life is worthless, if we can't live it happy.
"Like his dad, Beau was a good, big-hearted, devoutly Catholic and deeply faithful man, who made a difference in the lives of all he touched—and he lives on in their hearts." —President ObamaFor all who knew or were inspired by Beau Biden, please leave your thoughts and prayers with the Biden family: http://ofa.bo/q6ZI	May he be with the angels and the saints forever. Tears  in my heart for the family and friends of Beau Biden. We are all one in Him.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses important national security measures and reforms.	Our biggest threat to national security is the disfunctional Congress.
We can't count on other nations to pursue tough, enforceable labor and environmental protections. That's why America needs to lead on trade. http://ofa.bo/h6Pa	Yes I believe America should lead on global trade issues. But No to outsourcing American jobs to any other part of the globe
Not only is clean water good for millions of Americans' health—it's good for the economy. http://ofa.bo/r6Ov	and it's good for the Planet!
This is big for anyone who drinks water.	"This is big for anyone that drinks water." So everyone?
Local lawmakers are doing what's best for hard-working Americans—passing paid leave legislation and raising the minimum wage. http://ofa.bo/s6Bc	$15.00 per hour  should be minimal wage since politicians give themselves unwarranted raises all the time
Now's the chance to reach a truly progressive, transparent trade agreement that opens up opportunities for the middle class. Add your name: http://ofa.bo/s68f	If this is the TTIP trade deal tell him where to stuff it. It for business men to get richer at the expense of the working man.
"These Americans gave everything they had—not for glory, not even for gratitude, but for something greater than themselves." —President Obama	President Obama also gave all he had to America for something greater than himself!
"This weekend is Memorial Day—a time to pay tribute to all our men and women in uniform who’ve ever given their lives so that we can live in freedom and security." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	We honor to all our men & women who've given their lives for our country & for the other world we are for them too, as much as we can!
American leadership means fighting for middle-class families in the global economy. Add your name if you agree. http://ofa.bo/f5s5	American leadership means fighting for middle-class families in the global economy. When are you going to take a stand with us SIR?????????????
This is why the fight for change matters: It's working. http://ofa.bo/t5p0	Americans are generally good, fair people willing to support the objectives of the Constitution once they think through the issues. Things can change for the better!
Taking action on climate change becomes more urgent every day—we can't let elected officials off the hook for denial any longer. Join the team holding climate change deniers accountable: http://ofa.bo/j5mP	Taking action on climate change becomes more urgent every day—we can't let elected officials off the hook for denial any longer. !!!!
"Climate change constitutes a serious threat to global security, an immediate risk to our national security ... And so we need to act — and we need to act now." —President Obama Read the full remarks from the President's commencement speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy. http://ofa.bo/q5nb	You are right Mr President. Indeed your country needs to act first to set an example for others to follow.
"We've grown up with you ... You've given us a great gift and we love you." —President Obama to David Letterman	some people you love and want to be friends with PresBO and David Letterman are definitely in my list💙💙
This decides who writes the rules in our global economy. President Obama is fighting to make sure they reflect America's values. Join the fight. http://ofa.bo/i5mI	TISA and TTIP is the worst that can happen to democrazy in the world.Shame on you!
See how President Obama is keeping the buzz alive. http://ofa.bo/i5jh	Maintain its buzz ? He's been planning this from the beginning
This is why health care reform is so important.	That is absolutely awesome. Now needs to be done is take care of the absurd cost of medicine, even if you are insured
We need 21st century workplace policies. Hard-working Americans deserve the security of paid leave. http://ofa.bo/r5gq	yes we need a 21st century workplace and society
This is no longer a problem to leave for the next generation to fix. We have to act now.	No YOU have to act now, stop giving in to repulican horseshit when you know what needs to be done.
America can't afford to sit on the sidelines while other countries write the rules for the global economy—add your name: http://ofa.bo/q5V0	The American people can't afford to sit on the sidelines while big corporations write the rules for the global economy.
Nearly 1 in 8 Americans are in default because of student loan debt. This is a first step toward fixing that. http://ofa.bo/s5V5	In India also the student loan default is a major problem,Govt. should take concrete steps to recover loans by strong law.Other wise student loan issue will become a major problem.
Let's give working families the security they deserve.	Private or not they are using working families to do the labor work
Goal complete: President Obama will visit South Dakota today, marking the 50th state he's visited during his presidency. Take a minute to check out White House photographer Pete Souza's hand-picked gallery from visits to the first 49: http://ofa.bo/h5DV	When is he going to visit the rest of the 57 states?
223,000 jobs were added in April, making it the 62nd consecutive month of private-sector job growth. Read more in today's jobs report: http://ofa.bo/r5DS	Where did all the 55 year olds from wall street get jobs after the collapse ? There were over 500,000 jobs lost in 3 years on wall,street.
Stand with the President's actions to fight climate change—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/t5AZ	Oh my...we must fight with the climate and control it or we are doomed!
When the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is higher than it's been in millions of years, it's not time for denial—it's time for action. http://ofa.bo/e4gr	When the level of stupidity is higher than the the highest office held in the US, its not time for denial, its time to leave!
A new study found that the President's Clean Power Plan could save thousands of lives.Read more: http://ofa.bo/i587	The Republicans don't want to save thousands of lives.  They hope the opposite.
"Climate change is real as are its effects: stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons and public-health risks." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/g4sc	Science does not support your belief in global warming.If the science is settled, how come the climate models are always so wrong?www.coyoteblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/CMIP5-73-models-vs-obs-20N-20S-MT-5-yr-means1.png
"Ms. Hefty taught me that I had something to say — not in spite of my differences, but because of them. She made every single student in that class feel special." —President ObamaRead how his fifth-grade teacher helped shape the President's life: http://ofa.bo/e4WI	There something special in everyone but only a good teacher like ms Hefty can make his or her students realize that. Thanks to all the Mabel Hefty of this world.
"If we don't write the rules ... We will be shut out—American businesses and American agriculture. That will mean a loss of U.S. jobs." —President Obama on the need for America to lead on trade.Read more from the President's interview with The Wall Street Journal. http://ofa.bo/j4tK	Is this good for the American people? That's all that matters. Americans businesses will sell us out for profit.
"My entire presidency is about helping working families recover from recession and rebuild for the future. As long as I’m President, that’s what I’ll keep fighting to do." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	If you're 'for' repairing the middle class and helping our citizens and economy move forward, then might I suggest putting before the citizens, a rough draft of the TPP.
"I'm asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to protect American workers with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren't just free but are also fair." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e4Ph	No way there are 24 parts of this agreement that take away my rights and give them to corporations.
Countries across the world are investing in clean energy. Climate change deniers are running out of excuses.	If Republicans and Democrats aren't different, how come the Republicans in congress put more energy into undermining the president than in doing their own jobs?
"Together, we can help more kids participate—so they too can dream bigger dreams about their futures." —President Obama on expanding Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. http://ofa.bo/g4aa	Wonderful idea. I hope children want to run the country and want to do so because they see wonderful President Obama.
Climate change doesn't just fuel more extreme weather—it also poses a health risk to our families. http://ofa.bo/f4fZ	Dying from a massive hurricane because of the rise in ocean temperatures which fuels them and makes them stronger is potentially hazardous to your health, you know.
From musical performances to storytime on the South Lawn, check out the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. http://ofa.bo/c4H4	Thumbs up to the First Family
"This week, together with our allies and partners, we reached a historic understanding with Iran." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	Barak Obama is the Greatest President of USA.Only for your right decision USA reached a historic understanding with Iran.Thank you Mr President.God bless you.
Read about the President's initiative to train 75,000 Americans for jobs in the booming solar industry. http://ofa.bo/t4d7	Good idea because we're definitely going to need it to help off set the hundreds of thousands of people that'll be jobless from the killing of the coal industry
“I just came home from school and said, ‘I need to write to the President.’”Read how this 9-year-old impressed President Obama and got a personal letter back. http://ofa.bo/j4Ve	Cool,  what a great idea and how neat to hear back from the President.............
Tonight's the deadline to enter. Don't miss your shot to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/s4Vl	I want to meet u some terrible just to meet you an your family means the world to me besides GOD almighty. Ww.Yahoo .com
Not your typical Washington, D.C., vacation. This is your chance to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/r4Rv	And YES, I would LOVE to meet you some time.You are a God send.Thank you for ALL your work!
The science is clear.	The science is clear. Greed is at the bottom of this issue.
6-year-old girl scout: "Have you ever had a brainstorming session yourself?"President Obama: "I have had a couple of brainstorming sessions."6-year-old girl scout: "What did you come up with?"President Obama: "I came up with things like ... health care."See more from the White House Science Fair: http://ofa.bo/p4LN	You came up with a hopeless policy that will never make inless you fix a few thing to make fair for all not just a few
After five years, the facts are clear: America is truly better with Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/c3uQ	The facts are , we are all better off with Obama as our president. Bush only dug a hole and buried us.
"It’s time to embrace reality. Instead of trying yet again to repeal the Affordable Care Act ... we should work together to keep improving our health care system for everybody." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/t4C7	Yes, all of our politicians should work together and make health care good for all people..........
"Congress should stop playing politics with law enforcement and national security ... And that means they should end the longest confirmation process for an Attorney General in three decades, and give Loretta Lynch a vote." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address.	"one nation under God... and justice for all" unless congress planning on to adjust the our pledge of allegiance, they bertter get it together
Another big step forward in combating climate change. http://ofa.bo/g43P	Appropriate measures should be taken for global warming, climate change and to protect ozone layer__  Afzal Dhuddy
One of these elected officials threw a snowball while on the floor of the Senate to disprove man-made climate change.Vote now on who should advance to the Denial Finals: http://ofa.bo/j424	Let's vote on the shape of the earth, or whether or not the sun is the center of the universe! They were once theories also!
It's time for House leaders to rethink their budget and put aside old policies that have failed middle-class families.	In order to rethink something you first have to have a Brain that works.....
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.	In order to rethink something you first have to have a Brain that works.....
Health coverage means security. Thanks to Obamacare, millions more Americans now have it. http://ofa.bo/q3xI	You mean thanks to the TAXPAYERS who pay more than their fair share...
Love shouldn't be a political issue. http://ofa.bo/s3gm	Love shouldn't be a political issue.
The wind industry could support 600,000 American jobs by 2050—that's real economic growth. http://ofa.bo/f3et	And cost millions of jobs in other industries while building up China........
Vote for the biggest climate change denier and see who makes it past the first round. http://ofa.bo/p3jq	You know climate change is actually a real issue.And the debate has been on for a while without the brouhaha on FB.
Our future leaders can already see the dangers of climate change. Let's follow their lead.	no to mention red state governors are now banning the terms climate change and global warming in scientific reports. Yeah, not saying it will make it go away.
This is major progress for solar energy. Read more: http://ofa.bo/q3a7	This is major progress for solar energy. Read more: http://ofa.bo/q3a7
"In too many parts of the world, girls are still valued more for their bodies than for their minds. That’s just plain wrong. And we all have to do more to stop it.”Watch the weekly address.	In too many parts of the world, men are more valued for their money than for their min.
Last month, the unemployment rate dropped to its lowest point in seven years, and our streak of private-sector job growth reached its 60th consecutive month. http://ofa.bo/e3Ex	Silent misery: Actual US unemployment 37.2%, record number of ...rt.com/.../us-unemployment-economy-cri...Jan 22, 2014 - In just half a decade, the number of American households on food stamps has significantly increased.
The economic recovery is real, and happening across the country. http://ofa.bo/e3Bt	I blame YOU President Obama. Like everything else in this country, this economic recovery is completely YOUR fault!
Only one day left to avoid a shutdown. Add your name to let Congress know where you stand. http://ofa.bo/t3Dm	Can you put a stop on their pay since they aren't willing to do their job?
Read about the safeguards President Obama is proposing to make sure Americans can retire with dignity and security: http://ofa.bo/i3Au	The way the USA goes is the only thing your president could truely promise to you all without telling a lie: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NS-grctCwE
Less than two months in, and congressional leaders are already threatening a partial government shutdown over President Obama's common-sense immigration actions.	You're immigration is illegal and so are the executive orders.  A shutdown is the only defense in which you don't have illegitimate power.
This is why health care reform matters.	The health care needs are money, America is now needed to bail out the health care system!
"We have the chance to open up more markets to goods and services backed by three proud words: Made in America. For the sake of our businesses, and American workers, it's an opportunity we need to take." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/r33u	"We have the chance to open up more markets to goods and services sure libya is very good markets Mr President Obama
The science is clear on climate change. It's time to call out elected officials who deny the facts: http://ofa.bo/j2yv	Apparently all those elected officials, that  deny the climate change is  because they just don't want our president Barack Obama to succeed.How sad!!
For the sake of millions of families, we can't go back.	Fine. Then for the sake of millions more, stop forcing us to pay for it, and take it out of our taxes so we can ALL have it.
This is your last chance to get health insurance that starts in 2015. Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/p32Z	http://goo.gl/EtW60R This is your last chance to get health insurance that starts in 2015. Don't miss it
WATCH: Last week, President Obama met with people from all over the country whose lives are better off thanks to the Affordable Care Act.	When are you going to meet with people from all over the country whose lives are worse off thanks to the Affordable Care Act?
In January, the economy added 257,000 jobs, capping the the biggest three-month gain in 17 years. Let's keep up the momentum. http://ofa.bo/f2lo	Barack Obama47 mins · In January, the economy added 257,000 jobs, capping the the biggest three-month gain in 17 years.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, this graduate student can focus on his studies without worrying about expensive medical bills.	That's how you build  a strong america.........they are the future ........he should only worry about his studies and breath easier knowing has medical coverage......
"We pause to reflect on our progress and our history—not only to remember, but also to acknowledge our unfinished work. We reject the false notion that our challenges lie only in the past, and we recommit to advancing what has been left undone." —President Obama on Black History Month Read more here: http://ofa.bo/f2jF	Reflect on Irish history and many more.Black people are not the only one to experience hardships threw out history and until people come to that realization we will go nowhere.
"Our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and in 58 months we have created over 11 million jobs. Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis."See how the President's budget will keep up the progress for a stronger middle class: http://ofa.bo/s2i8	Too bad it is only half true, more people have given up and dropped off the radar for unemployment and more are now working part time.
The vast majority of Americans agree that something must be done to combat climate change. It's time for climate change deniers to get on board. http://ofa.bo/a2bG	The BEST thing you can do to reduce climate change would be to SHUT YOUR MOUTH.  All the HOT AIR you put out is destroying our country.
9.5 million—that's good news. http://ofa.bo/t2cL	What's 9.5 million X $50,000???  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2927348/Obamacare-program-costs-50-000-American-gets-health-insurance-says-bombshell-budget-report.html
"I know that there are Republicans in Congress who disagree with my approach ...But what we can’t do is simply pretend that things like child care or college aren’t important, or pretend there’s nothing we can do to help middle-class families get ahead.Because we’ve got work to do."Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/i2Y8	Mr. President with all do respect what about working class parents and those doing their best to get on????
No joke.	Mr. President with all do respect what about working class parents and those doing their best to get on????
Tonight. http://ofa.bo/r2UX	Mr. President with all do respect what about working class parents and those doing their best to get on????
Great news: President Obama plans to cut methane emissions. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r2OZ	How are you going to cut methane emissions while encouraging methane mining via fracking, Mr. President? Especially since fugitive emissions from nat gas pipeline are alarmingly high?
ICYMI: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999. http://ofa.bo/r2Ms	We have the largest job growth since 1999! Republicans: "OMG YOURE AWFUL THE WORLD IS ON FIRE!!!! AAAAAAARGHDNSISJSHSJJ!!!!!"
And now that we’ve got some calmer waters, if we all do our part, if we all pitch in, we can make sure that tide starts lifting all boats again.We can make sure that the middle class is the engine that powers America’s prosperity for decades to come." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/q2Jy	You are the person that Americans expect,hoping to lead them create a better homeland ,provide a fair environment ,in that position we can all do our part ,all pitch in
Something great happened on January 1st: http://ofa.bo/q2HZ	Why do most of the people on here that comment on here are not americans that's why obama opened the borders so he could have someone on his side strange
The uninsured rate has dropped 4.2 percent since the Affordable Care Act went into effect: http://ofa.bo/i2Fg	It's not a 4.2% decrease.It's a 4.2 percentage point decline.The percentage decrease is much higher.He needs new PR people...
"We have finally ended the debate in this country of whether or not health insurance is a right or a privilege.We think everyone in America has a right to have adequate health care insurance.And the Affordable Care Act gives them that right." —Vice President BidenWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/b2Cf	Everybody in the World should get Universal Health Care for Free because of taxes. You are a Great President Barack Obama :D Take Care :D
Hello, 2015. Here's to a great year.	Wishing you a great year!
This is going to take everything we've got: http://ofa.bo/r2C4	why do you ask for money, money is not support, I will fight on your side, but I will never give money to politics. and you should stop asking,.
Look back on all we accomplished in 2014: http://ofa.bo/d23L	Thank you, Mr. President, you have accomplished much, done good to many, and kept your focus fixed on what is just and right.
Answer this one-question survey: http://ofa.bo/g26N	2015 will be a very good year a lot of changes because we have a great president.
"No matter how much partisan gridlock gets in the way or how powerful some special interests seem, I know we can keep making real, lasting change." —President ObamaRead the President's latest message to OFA supporters: http://ofa.bo/c24B	Thank you Mr President.  I regret that you have had to deal with so much adversity, and think what you could have accomplished with a supportive Congress!
Today's the last day to sign OFA's holiday card for President Obama—don't let your well wishes get left behind: http://ofa.bo/b25G	Merry Christmas President Obama to you and your family have a wonderful year ahead
Don't forget to sign this holiday card for President Obama: http://ofa.bo/d1zt	The fact that it says holiday card is the reason I won't wish him anything but a quick exit from the whitehouse!
Sign the card to send President Obama your holiday wishes: http://ofa.bo/e1yQ	Happy holiday Mr. President Obama and your family, from ours to yours,great job on the Cuba situation .!!!!
The uninsured rate is nearing a record low: http://ofa.bo/s22q	The uninsured rate is nearing a record low?Everyone making over $50K will be concidered "RICH".
Is your name on this card? Here's your chance to wish President Obama a happy holiday and say what you're fighting for in the new year: http://ofa.bo/r22W	My new year resolution is to get my husband his papers so we can finally take a Family Vacation instead of just me and our 2 girls!
"May this Hanukkah embolden us to do what is right, shine a light on the miracles we enjoy, and kindle in all of us the desire to share those miracles with others. From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." —President Obama	How come no one says x-nukkah to refer to the holidays?
"So this holiday season, as we give thanks for the blessings in our own lives, let’s also give thanks to our men and women in uniform who make those blessings possible. Even as some are coming home for the holidays, many more will be far from their families, who sacrifice along with them." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h1yR	Have never heard of a leader so compassionate with our men and women in uniform thank you Mr. President for that special cognition from Kenya.
"Critics play a dangerous game when they denounce the science and law EPA has used to defend clean air for more than 40 years. The American people know better." ––Gina McCarthy, EPA administratorRead the proposal for tougher ozone pollution standards: http://ofa.bo/c1ov	Yes! We should act quickly before more people start to realize that the only thing the EPA will do is take away even more of their rights and freedoms.
So far this year, our economy has added 2.65 million jobs—that's on track for the best year of job growth since the late 1990s.	Just where was all this solid news on the economy from Dems in the recent elections?
The House's vote on immigration would harm millions of families. Add your name if you think the political games need to stop: http://ofa.bo/g1oM	I think your political games need to stop as well.
"This World AIDS Day, we commemorate how far we've come in the fight against HIV/AIDS, remember those we lost, and commit ourselves to the work we still have to do." —President ObamaWatch the President's statement on World AIDS Day.	Well said Mr President...Kudos to all the people who are fighting the battle and working hard to find a cure!
Doris went years without insurance: She was either denied coverage or it was too expensive. Today, things are different: http://ofa.bo/b1n4	WE pay the rest for DORIS, thanks are not necessary.....because, I am not happy over this.....0Obama, you are an idiot to think WE have ever believed your LIES.....
But as we gather with loved ones on this Thanksgiving, let’s remember and be grateful for what binds us together.Our love of country.Our belief that America’s best days are ahead, and that her destiny is ours to shape." —President ObamaWatch President Obama wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving: http://ofa.bo/g1jd	Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.  You are a wonderful president and I wish you all the best.
A premium she can afford for the care she needs. This is why health care reform matters to Funke: http://ofa.bo/h1jU	I don't care if she has health care not as long as I'm not paying for it. No subsidies for anybody!
Health care open enrollment is happening now. Don't miss your chance to get covered: http://ofa.bo/d1aQ	Jeffrey Jeffery Wright going to take coverage away from sick children ,.real nice Jeff very selfish..how do you get insurance????
The countdown is over: The health care marketplace is open for business again. http://ofa.bo/p1hm	The first of the year, I'm losing my work related insurance and will enter the health care marketplace.Thank you President Obama!
Last night, the world's two largest economies struck a historic deal to cut carbon pollution. Add your name to support this bold action to fight climate change: http://ofa.bo/r1YK	China is Production oriented and america is Consumption oriented. Saving the World has to be done in China because republicans will not allow us to save the world from them.
Join this team—and you will make a difference: http://ofa.bo/s1Wg	lol no you wont.  the only way you make a difference wont be on friggtin facebook i'll tell you that much
"I'm urging the Federal Communications Commission to do everything they can to protect net neutrality for everyone." —President ObamaAdd your name if you support keeping the internet open and free: http://ofa.bo/d1S1	Ok, at the risk of sounding stupid, what do they mean "keep the internet free?" The internet is not free, we have to pay for it now.
Let's make it happen. http://ofa.bo/j1TT	Let's make it happen Immigration Reform too
This week, voters sent a message about raising the minimum wage. http://ofa.bo/p1X4	Why can you hear the message about minimum wage and not the message about illegal immigration...selective hearing.?
Great news: The unemployment rate in this country is falling as fast as at any point in the last 30 years. We have to keep the momentum going.	Great news: The unemployment rate in this country is falling as fast as at any point in the last 30 years. We have to keep the momentum going.
Take one minute: http://ofa.bo/f1MA	This is a one day !
Progress: The economy has added 10.3 million private sector jobs over the past 55 months.	Added 10.3 million part time jobs and lost 50 million jobs with benefits
Raising the minimum wage will grow the economy, benefiting every American: http://ofa.bo/p19d	Arthur Chao.  The cost of living will go up anyway.  Raising the minimum wage stimulates the economy.
State and local leaders throughout the country aren't waiting for Congress to raise the minimum wage. Read about the progress being made: http://ofa.bo/e147	The domino effect is happening with some states in the nation, in council to provide a boost to the minimum wage.
One year ago today, some extreme voices in Congress shut down the government—here's one reason why they won't try it again: http://ofa.bo/q14K	Republicans are in the driver seat.Then they will not have to shut down the government to get things done.
Everyone deserves access to affordable care: http://ofa.bo/e12N	THIS IS A LIE!!! Not everybody "deserves" access to affordable care! Worst "president" and worst "american" in history.
With an increase in insurance providers, consumers will have more options: http://ofa.bo/c0zq	Obama doesn't understand that the cost of healthcare is the problem not who has it. You are just forcing people to give more profits to health insurance companies.
Show your support for President Obama's plan to fight climate change: http://ofa.bo/i0zx	Step one to fight climate change would be to stop supporting more drilling.
These Fortune 500 companies are great allies in the fight against climate change: http://ofa.bo/c0zV	Are their companies that fight against the israeli brutalisation and land theft of palistine ?
President Obama just addressed the U.N. Climate Summit to make the case for strong action on climate change. If you agree, add your name: http://ofa.bo/h0y8	Yes,now the weather in my city is getting hotter and hotter, and we need to take action to get solution for it, "JESUS CHRIST"  the "LORD" Bless you all.
Take note: Pre-existing conditions can no longer stop you from getting covered. http://ofa.bo/d0uc	Is that really true or do they gladly take your money and fail to cover you if one of your pre-existing conditions is to blame for your needing care?
As Congress leaves Washington, it's on you to keep up the conversation on the issues that matter most: http://ofa.bo/e0vy	"You have to keep the conversation going." Why is it on us, when we have an impotent, pathetic excuse for a congress we pay with our tax dollars?
It's simple: All Americans deserve clean drinking water. http://ofa.bo/a0u4	All people, everywhere, deserve clean drinking water. Not just Americans.
The economy has improved greatly since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do: http://ofa.bo/a0tq	Recessions last 18 months and only really effect one sector. Because of the communist democrats and Obama, its been 8 years since real economic growth has occured. 
This is a public record of people who support expanding economic opportunity. Your name should be on it: http://ofa.bo/s0s0	#ontherecord you are not a legislator but???you are the worst president this country has ever seen. #obamasucks #impeachobama
Check this out: Americans are spending less on health insurance, and getting better coverage. http://ofa.bo/f0tR	Check this out: Americans are spending less on health insurance, and getting better coverage. http://ofa.bo/f0tR
"Americans want to work. And when given a fair shot, the American worker has never, ever, ever, let his country down. Folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the American people." —Vice President BidenWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0p3	Fox watchers take note! " Folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the American people."
Cynicism doesn't look good on anyone. Make the better choice: http://ofa.bo/b0sh	Good Bless you and This Country and Guide you to acomplish your Job in the better way for all the people in the World, Amen
Congress can do more to create economic opportunity—like working to reduce student loan debt: http://ofa.bo/h0p0	We can do more like trying to provide free education at all levels.
Now that Bill is covered, he finally has options: http://ofa.bo/a0o8	Yes, yess like obamacare. Just know that Obama thinks it's so great that he exempted himself and congress from it 😂
Happy Labor Day to every American working hard day in and day out.	Can we think about shortening the work week and making every Monday, Labor Day? Think of all the good....
"The world cannot afford such recklessness on climate change." Read more: http://ofa.bo/g0lt	"The world cannot afford such recklessness on your politics"!
This has been a great year for job growth. But there's more to do. http://ofa.bo/e0hV	It hasn't been a great year for job growth for those of us who are still out of a job.
"The day I finally got affordable health insurance, I practically ran through the streets yelling the good news." Read Jason's story: http://ofa.bo/b0jI	And I am running down the street saying what happened to my good health care I had?
This is news worth sharing. http://ofa.bo/c0hR	Good news ang your Housing is doing well.
Share this if you agree: The time to take action on climate change is now.	yes... climate is changing. we need a real action to save the earth.
Share to show your support for cleaner air.	Okay.. How about share to show your support for Gaza sir ? :)
Read how climate change impacts like drought are affecting large regions of the country: http://ofa.bo/p0fZ	btw Murrica, pretty much every country in Europe supports climate change studies and acknowledges the effects of green houses gasses.
Watch President Obama’s weekly address about American operations in Iraq: http://ofa.bo/e0XU	What about ISIS in Syria?what about the Palestinians in Gaza?Come on President
LAST CHANCE: Help make President Obama's birthday special—sign OFA's birthday card before it's too late. http://ofa.bo/r0TM	Happy birthday godbless you more birthday  sir...
Make this birthday an unforgettable one—wish President Obama a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/i0Nd	happy birthday have an awesome day!!~!!
ICYMI: Job creation has lasted for 53 straight months—the longest streak on record. http://ofa.bo/b0SQ	The longest streak on record:great!
Another year older and wiser. Wish President Obama a happy birthday by signing OFA's card here: http://ofa.bo/f0P0	So i share my birthday with you keep up the good work and share next years birthday as president?
53: The number of candles on President Obama's cake this year. 3: The number of days left to sign OFA's card. Make sure to add your name: http://ofa.bo/b0Rh	It must be nice to have money to actually celebrate your Birthday.. 27 candles for my imaginary cake on the 5th
Working full time to support a family shouldn't mean living below the poverty line. See what it's like to live on $77 a week: http://ofa.bo/d0JH	Let's put Congress on this wage for a month & see what happens. They haven't even worked enough to earn that much in the last 5 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Find out what the President is doing to help more Americans get better jobs in the new economy: http://ofa.bo/p0Mr	Politicians only help when they get out of the way.
Share if you agree that a woman should have the right to make her own health care decisions—her boss shouldn't get a say.	If her boss shouldn't get a say then why should you?
Chris is a lifelong sailor—and he knows climate change is already having an impact: http://ofa.bo/q0EQ	Climate change is a hoax!
Good things happen when states raise the minimum wage: http://ofa.bo/r0E4	Hey, Homie, nothing good happened when CT raised their minimum wage to the highest in the nation. I see you conveniently left off that "statistic".
"Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working Americans. Join the rest of the country. Join me, I'm looking forward to working with you." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/g0CE	How about you just resign...That would be the biggest help to us all...Lead , follow, or get out of the way...
When volunteers deliver this minimum wage petition, make sure your name is on it: http://ofa.bo/d09g	If you have minimum skills and apply minimum effort to your job then minimum wage is all you deserve.
President Obama is hitting the road to meet with Americans who wrote him a letter: http://ofa.bo/a08s	Wish I would have wrote him!  Never wanted to meet a President before but I like him and would love to!
In case you missed it, there's good news to share about the economy. Here are some quick facts: http://ofa.bo/c096	How about all of the people who went from full time to part time jobs?  you only report the numbers that make you look, not what is really happening.
With the Affordable Care Act, pre-existing conditions won't keep you from getting covered.	It seems really bizarre if you're following this discussion from a European perspective.Pre-existing conditions keeping you from getting covered?????
It's time to put people over politics in the 24 states that have not expanded Medicaid. http://ofa.bo/r06G	Most people would understand that 24 states are about half of the country. The half of the country that realizes Odumma has no idea what he is doing.
Sign your name to tell polluters and climate change deniers that enough is enough: It's time to act. http://ofa.bo/q05T	Forget about climate change we need JOBS get it
You could win a free trip to Chicago for OFA's birthday party for President Obama: http://ofa.bo/e02h	instead of win a trip why don't you give them a trip !
This is your chance to experience Chicago this summer—for free: http://ofa.bo/s03B	This is your chance to help the citizens of Michigan. Don't pass up the opportunity!
Stand up for science: Call out climate change deniers. http://ofa.bo/s02W	How about this...you call out climate deniers, and I'll call out the truth deniers, like our Liar in Chief.
"Rather than stack the decks in favor of those who’ve already succeeded, let’s realize that we are stronger as a nation when we offer a fair shot to every American." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/s02P	America may well be a big strong country, but against the Belgians, they will not win in football, there we are much better than their
Here's your chance to win a free trip to Chicago for you and a guest: http://ofa.bo/tyd	So great, I would like to go there. Have a good day! <3
You shouldn't have to choose between work and family. Read the President's latest op-ed on workplace policies: http://ofa.bo/buG	We do have a president who cares,  Too many things to fix, and the GOP is no help. Both sides need to work together.
Many Americans have health insurance for the first time in their lives because of the Affordable Care Act.Stand up to members of Congress who are trying to take that away: http://ofa.bo/stZ	They have it for the first time in there lives because you forced them to have health insurance.....they didn't have a choice.....
"Family leave. Childcare. Flexibility. These aren’t frills—they’re basic needs. They shouldn’t be bonuses—they should be the bottom line."Watch the President's weekly address: http://ofa.bo/csM	Thats what we have in Sweden already and its the basic to equality!We would vote for you if we could!
Take your place in the fight to prevent climate change: http://ofa.bo/srt	We have known this to be an issue for many decades, do not try and be the leader in our fight against climate change.
More great news about health care reform: http://ofa.bo/srI	Yay, people have insurance.That doesn't make health care affordable.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, you can focus on getting better.	David Richmond you have to ask your physician what insurance he accepts and that's the one you have to switch to it's not rocket science
Something to celebrate: http://ofa.bo/dnn	And also need to call to Sung Kim the embassador and ask him to meet me
To the class of 2014: Know your options. http://ofa.bo/anv	Yes!  Congrats to to the class of 2014!
In the weekly address, President Obama wishes dads a happy Father's Day: http://ofa.bo/qpS	Thank you,  Mr President Barack Obama. I wish you a happy one too.
Share if you agree.	I think Mr. President you are awesome.I pray for you everyday and ask God to always give you guidance.
President Obama took action today to reduce the burden of student loan debt. Here's how he's working to make college more affordable: http://ofa.bo/qmU	Why pay back your loans at all when the federal, state and local governments are allowing illegals to go to college for free. Not to mention a drivers license.
Watch: Climate change is not an issue for the future—it's a threat today. Stand with President Obama and let's take action: http://ofa.bo/smK	Such clowns, climate change is a threat now? It's been a threat for decades... It's a simple case of too little too late.
The proposed standards on carbon pollution will mean cleaner air and fewer asthma attacks. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/tks	I'm all for cleaner air standards and lower environmental impacts, but is the asthma angle the best angle your team can come up with?  It just seems goofy to me.
President Obama is taking a stand for public health by requiring existing power plants to curb carbon pollution. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/ejW	Encourage the whole nation to plant as much as possible no matter residence as ground floor or up stairs. Many kinds of plant are easy to grow at any circumstances
Want to win a free hotel and flight to Chicago? Even better: You and a friend could get to see James Taylor in concert—and meet him backstage.Just chip in right now to be automatically entered to win: http://ofa.bo/bkl	With everyone calling it CHI-RAQ  who wouldn't want to go there.  Instead send me to Memphis or Miami so I can be on the first 48
Share if you agree: Blocking access to affordable health care is wrong.	I believe that everyone is entitled to access to health care and Medicaid.
Marriage equality has arrived in four new states in the past month alone. http://ofa.bo/pll	more to the point... Obama is STILL killing veterans in VA hospitals all over the country
Leaders in 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion for millions—this fight needs your help: http://ofa.bo/tib	Medicaid is funded with tax dollars, and expansion requires more tax dollars, I bet that has something to with why these 24 states are not expanding Medicaid
Here are 8 million reasons why the Affordable Care Act shouldn't be repealed.	8 million signed up, but how many actually have it?
This shouldn't be controversial. It's time for states to stop blocking Medicaid expansion.	What can YOU do Mr. President to stop them from blocking it and giving the ppl what they need or want???
"I want to work with Congress to create jobs and opportunity for more Americans. But where Congress won’t act, I will." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/tgj	Change is needed for millions of Americans.Lots working two jobs and not make ends meet, middle class suffering.
Your annual checkup: covered.	In other news today, health insurance premiums are expected to show double digit increases next year.   Thanks.
Share this if you believe repealers should stop trying to take away people's health care.	Share this if you believe repealers should stop trying to take away people's health care.!!!!please!
This is progress: http://ofa.bo/shu	This is not progress, this is pro-grose!
Some members of Congress continue to deny that climate change is real, or man-made, or dangerous. The truth is, it's all three.	Climate change is real, but it's normal natural process being here for billions of year, so we should accomodate to it and not to change the climate...
Sign this petition: http://ofa.bo/rgYA yearly salary of $14,500 isn't enough. It's time to raise the wage.	Then why is the minimum level of income to qualify for almost any help around $13,000??
Share this to push back on the health care repealers still working to take away access to affordable care.	If they don't want health care, the public should not have to subsidize the ERs for them.
Leaders in 24 states should put people over politics and stop blocking Medicaid expansion.	Leaders in all 50 states should put people before politics and repeal Obamacare...
Sign this petition: $7.25 an hour just isn't enough anymore. http://ofa.bo/ifi	I agree it could go up, but 10 is just an insane amount to jump it to
It's time to give working families a hand: http://ofa.bo/sgV	I think he should help the families that help themselves no handouts a helping hand...
The impact of climate change is being felt by families and communities across the country. Tell your story: http://ofa.bo/gd8	The impact of your economic policies are being felt by even more. #failure
Drought, flooding, rising seas, generally unpredictable weather, and other climate change-related hardships will worsen with time—unless we take action.	concentrate population will finish climate change in part but it will be the start of new  challenges
The percentage of uninsured Americans is shrinking, thanks to health care reform: http://ofa.bo/jcA	The uninsured is still uninsured the low incme families dnt qualify for neither Obama care or Medicaid esp those who are sterile.
A full-time worker earning the federal minimum wage makes just $14,500 a year. If you believe it's time to give these workers a raise, sign this petition: http://ofa.bo/cce	Raise the minimum wage to a living wage: YES!Stop the KXL Pipeline: please!No TPP: bad for American jobsThank you Mr president♡♡
Sign the petition if you think this is long overdue. http://ofa.bo/bdJ	yes we want a raise and we want it now ,,,,thank you mr president you are the best
Sign the petition: It's time for a higher minimum wage. It's time to give America a raise. http://ofa.bo/scl	The republicans would  rather give the rich 10;000 a minute then give the working man or. Woman 10;00 a hour
It's time—for families, for our economy, for our nation. http://ofa.bo/dZq	time for everyone but our military?!
Today is the last day to add your name to OFA's permanent record. Say you were a part of the history of health care reform: http://ofa.bo/dZa	I just wanted to let the kids and adults alike the same thing as a result of the most important ::,, 
Watch: If someone works full time and makes the federal minimum wage, do you know how much their annual salary is? http://ofa.bo/eZe	Instead of spending money we don't have.Lets do the opposite.Still making the same minimum wage.Goes a longer way.
Health care reform took generations of organizing. Show that you were part of it: http://ofa.bo/jZc	And they werent part of it
Look what you accomplished: OFA volunteers pledged more than 500,000 hours in the final push for health care, and more than 8 million Americans now have affordable, quality health insurance plans from the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/pcO	I like Obama but we tried to get health care on 1135.00 a month and our premium would be over 500.00 a month.
By trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, some members of Congress are threatening to take away access to health care for children with pre-existing conditions.	Members of Congress who want to take away health care for children with pre-existing conditions are disgusting, those members of congress should lose their insurance....
7 out of 10 Americans support raising the minimum wage—and states are responding. http://ofa.bo/saf	And 3 out of 10 can't support because they couldn't get a job...
The Affordable Care Act is making sure that Isaac is never held back by his health needs. Repeal could change that for him forever.	Really, Julio? You do realize it's private insurance, unless you got into the Medicaid expansion. There are hospitals that don't take Medicaid, but that was going on before the ACA.
Free preventive care is helping Americans stay healthy—but some members of Congress want to repeal the Affordable Care Act and take it away.	If the Republicans would work as hard to help fix it instead of trying to repeal it things would be a lot better!
Many full-time workers make just $14,500 a year. America can do better.Add your name for a higher minimum wage: http://ofa.bo/cXR	Mr. Obama it is your job to create a climate for middle class jobs. Don't blame us if all you can create are dead end minimum wage jobs.
This is a big deal.	This is a big Effin Deal!!
Here's what you helped do. http://ofa.bo/rXm	Could your could your head get any bigger? You sure like to brag on yourself about what you supposedly did when you screwed more people than you helped a$$hole
You're not a lobbyist. You don't have your own PAC. You don't have millions to give to political causes.OFA is for you. Get involved: http://ofa.bo/eVv	The revolution is coming. You have pushed the people to far and we will NOT stand for it any longer!
Share this so people know to watch: Check out the first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously." http://ofa.bo/qXI	James Allen is one of the few people here who realize that this monster should be impeached. You people would believe Oblowhard because that's what sheep do.
We need to create opportunity for all Americans, but the budget the House of Representatives just passed sweetens the deal for the wealthy and places more burdens on middle-class families: http://ofa.bo/bXG	They need to get the money from somewhere for the welfare for the rich.  Where else but from the backs of middle class people.
The wage gap is real and it's hurting families. Stand with women and join the fight for equal pay today: http://ofa.bo/cUt	The wage gap is real and strong and he's my friend.
Thanks in part to pressure from OFA supporters throughout the country, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to restore unemployment insurance.Now it's time to take the fight to the House. See how you can help: http://ofa.bo/qVj	And he will now have decent medical care/coverage thanks to the ACA. Had nothing before, which added to the problems.
"Recently, the Gap decided to raise its base wages, and that benefited about 65,000 workers in the United States—and it led me to go shopping at Gap. Some of you may have seen the very attractive sweaters that I purchased for my daughters. They have not worn them yet." —President Obama	Go gap be the leader  and reward the followers, also subsidize the mom and pop stores that may suffer because of the wage increase and still shop  there as well
This is why health care reform matters: Renee, a cancer survivor, can no longer be denied coverage.	if it wasn't for your plan we would be still not having any any health insurance!you are the man!!!!!!
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in $5 to keep pushing this movement forward. http://ofa.bo/cRE	Please sign our petition to the white house, we need 150 to go public. Please go to http://wh.gov/ld2jeGive the priority to US citizens in Medical Residency
FACT: Breaking your leg could cost more than $3,000 without insurance. Don't get caught without coverage: http://ofa.bo/eQ9	In some countries it costs $0 when you break your leg and they don't even have health insurance......
Still need a reason? President Obama has a message for you: http://ofa.bo/fRW	I have a message for Obama.   Screw off
Don’t drop the ball! The deadline to chip in is March 31st.http://ofa.bo/rPc	Being that the rumor of a chip being put in people is going around. Using chip in the headline might have been a bad idea ....
This is your chance to ask the experts about health care enrollment. OFA's Health Care Campaign Manager Erin Hannigan and Enroll America's Managing Director Chris Wyant will answer your questions today at 1:00 p.m. ET on OFA's Facebook page.Don't miss the chance to get all of your questions answered before March 31st.	Let's get past the teabagger lies and get straight to the facts!Here are simple answers to 20 questions about Obamacare that may have you confused:http://thinkprogress.org/health/2013/09/29/2682291/obamacare-questions-2/
Millions have already made their voices heard. Join them: http://ofa.bo/rOI	YES , MILLIONS have made their voices heard and they want obama tried for treason against America and our Constitution and imprisoned,... PERIOD
Chip in before it's too late. http://ofa.bo/bOG	Thanks to this fraud everyone will be broke by the time he leaves office....but when he leaves it will be reason to Celebrate and dance in the streets!!! 
Love health care reform? Get ready to display this free sticker proudly: http://ofa.bo/bO0	Why should health care be mandatory?!?! I'm young and healthy... If you want to reform, make it free.
"Over the past four years, over three million young Americans have been able to stay on their family plans. And over the past five and a half months alone, more than five million Americans have signed up to buy private health insurance plans on HealthCare.gov—plans that can no longer discriminate against preexisting conditions or charge you more just because you’re a woman or a cancer survivor—and millions more have enrolled in Medicaid." —President Obama, on the fourth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act.	Over the past 4 years young people have HAD to stay on their parents plans because they can't find a JOB.
"It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet."Lori wants Congress to renew unemployment insurance: http://ofa.bo/pMh	It is incredible.Try to get this to people as it may not last long on YouTube, as Obama's people are working hard to get it removed.http://www.armyparatrooper.org/dropzone/showthread.php/22772-How-Marines-welcome-a-President
This is the last call for health care enrollment in 2014, and there's work to be done. Join a Q&A with the leaders of OFA’s national organizing team, Sara El-Amine and Jennifer Warner, and Enroll America's Managing Director Chris Wyant on OFA’s Facebook page at 11:30 a.m. ET—and find out how you can get involved.	Obama there is  a group at the border waiting on you to enroll ACA, so they can Vote, Vote democratic  for freebees...
Time for some fun. Choose your favorite: http://ofa.bo/tJO	Some of y'all need some meds for the way you think.Ignorant must be contagious...smh
Share Erika's story: http://ofa.bo/sKJ	Some of y'all need some meds for the way you think.Ignorant must be contagious...smh
DYK: 50% of uninsured single young adults are eligible for coverage that costs only $50.Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/bKF	DYK: 50% of uninsured single young adults are eligible for coverage that costs only $50.Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/bKF
BUDGET DEADLINE AT MIDNIGHT: Help with the final push for health care. http://ofa.bo/qJi	I support  to you Latino with Juan Valentin Leonardo with Obama for follow forward together the family Democrats health care Act.
Watch: Keegan built his own business from the ground up—and the Affordable Care Act helped him do it. http://ofa.bo/iIf	How could the affordable care act help him create his business from the ground up when it just started. Lmfao
Share this story: John was skeptical about the new health care marketplace—until he saw his options. http://ofa.bo/cGx	My brother has a new hip, because he was able to buy health insurance at a reasonable cost with no pre-existing clause!
Chip in and be a part of the final health care push: http://ofa.bo/cF0	Worse President EVER!And in 4 days American Spring movement is going to remove Ofucktard and the rest of the courupt government from DC.
This calculator will tell you how little your health insurance could cost on the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/aFG	Don't we all should forget about money Barack,,,free health for everyone if I were on top....Can money save your life Barack,, ?
You never know what you could save: http://ofa.bo/eEg	You never know what you could save: http://ofa.bo/eEg
Share Joshua's health care story: He's a healthy, young grad student with a limited budget. Find out how little he's paying for quality health insurance. http://ofa.bo/bEM	He is a professional student whose healthcare is subsidized by people like me who are now paying much more.
Share Margaret's life-changing story: http://ofa.bo/gBo	أوباما.... الله ياخدك شو أجدب
You might qualify for financial assistance on the new health care marketplace. Check out your options: http://ofa.bo/aCY	PS- in order to qualify for assistance in my state, your healthcare premium has to be 9.5% over your gross annual income. Good luck.
Share Tresa's story: This mother of four is no longer paying sky-high health premiums. http://ofa.bo/sCG	Can't afford the healthcare! Between student loans, rent and healthcare there is nothing left of my paycheck.
Share to spread the word.	17 trillion and growing.  Holy cow, that's an all time first.  I agree, lets share to spread the word.
This one decision changed Keegan's life, and only costs him $175 a month: http://ofa.bo/hAJ	If it were about the "lifting a weight" then it would have been a single payer system. No weight was lifted,  an extra one was just required by law.
Share this story: Claire was curious about what the marketplace could offer. Find out why she called her findings "unbelievable." http://ofa.bo/s9g	Clair's story is very similar to that which I hear from friends and acquaintances. It's crazy not to check it out!
“Tell Congress–it's time to stop withholding this economic lifeline for job-seekers, and start helping the more than a million unemployed Americans looking to get back on their feet.” Read Amee’s story and tell Congress to renew unemployment insurance: http://ofa.bo/g8W	it's time to stop withholding this economic lifeline for job-seekers, and start helping the more than a million unemployed Americans looking to get back on their feet.
Share Margaret's story: "In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." http://ofa.bo/j8l	Google "Obamacare saved my life". Hundreds of wonderful stories.
Seven out of ten Americans support raising the minimum wage. Add your voice: http://ofa.bo/g8K #RaiseTheWage	Shame on the 3 out of 10 Americans who don't think it's time to raise the minimum wage...
Health coverage will be yours on March 1st if you enroll now. http://ofa.bo/i7a	I hear you can subsidise your fee and it will be cheaper. Is that true?
Share Cherlene’s story: Laid off with no insurance, all her options were more than $600 a month. Now, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, she pays less than $100. http://ofa.bo/b7L	Yeah while some us who work are forced to pay a lot more with a horrible deductible...
We're saving a space for you. Act now, and you could meet the President: http://ofa.bo/j5A	I am part of the final push for health care-and I will be automatically entered for the chance to fly into meet President  B Obama in Washington D C
Share this: Holly is a cancer survivor who can finally afford her health care: http://ofa.bo/j51	Share this: Holly is a cancer survivor who can finally afford her health care: http://ofa.bo/j51
This is what it feels like to meet the President. http://ofa.bo/j4w	Hillary is going to become President and USA is going to be the top of the world...
Share Eva's story: She's saving nearly $250 a month, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/f52	I'm saving $100 a month since  Jan 1st.
Want a chance to fly for free to D.C. and meet the President? Add your name today and say you'll lend a hand: http://ofa.bo/f58	a chance to meet Obama and Beyonce ?
This is your chance—help with the final health care push and be entered to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/s4c	I'll be part of the final push to health care and I support Obama care. 100%
Are you in? http://ofa.bo/j4E	Hallo Misster Obama ,I Leck you Vehrii machii ,end you Politik
"Opportunity is the idea at the heart of this country—that no matter who you are or how you started out, with hard work and responsibility, you can get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/s4V	The opportunity is only there for the rich. The more hard work and responsibility you have the better you are to serve to line someone else's pockets.
Share this: Amanda and Solomon are newlyweds who had been uninsured for years. Now they're covered.	How can I get insured. I've been uninsured for 20 years.
Get your best handshake ready: This is your chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/g41	Behind you Mr. President and it would be an honor to shake your hand..
"It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet." Read Lori's story: http://ofa.bo/j3f #RenewUI	you can't give the 1% all they need,and help the working man too,ask any gop they will agree.
The final push for health care enrollment is going to take all hands on deck.Get involved and get a chance at a pretty amazing thank-you—from President Obama himself. http://ofa.bo/c3W	I thought with this health care bill, my insurance will go down, but  nopp its going up by 24 %,,, very bad. disappointed.
Share this story: How one small business owner is saving big money with the Affordable Care Act, and what it means for his company. http://ofa.bo/e3p	I know this story is alive because I'm a small business owner and we're going to go bankrupt more than likely because of this
Share: When Luis broke his arm in the second grade, he didn’t tell his parents because he was worried about the cost. Now, for just $114 a month, he doesn’t have to worry anymore. http://ofa.bo/s3a	Wait...a second grader didn't tell his parents he broke his arm because he was worried about a bill???
Share John's story: He's saving $500 a month, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/r3O	Oh good job! You were able to find the one guy out of a million who's actually saving money.
Watch: For workers living on minimum wage, it's harder than it should be to raise a family in this country. President Obama is urging Congress to give America a raise: http://ofa.bo/g3U #RaiseTheWage	Why should anybody expect to be able to raise a family on minimum wage. Minimum wage is for entry level employees. Teenagers working their first jobs.
Share Holly's story: “The relief of knowing I'm covered, regardless of my pre-existing condition, is priceless.” http://ofa.bo/r3J	How anyone can be against something that is already helping millions of people, (including my Son), is beyond me.
The 2014 State of the Union address starts at 9:00 p.m. ET. Tune in: http://ofa.bo/d2V	Why did all media outlets post the start time as 7:00 pm Eastern?
Watch the State of the Union with friends, family and neighbors.RSVP for a watch party near you: http://ofa.bo/i2O	Who has a watch party to watch the state of the union adress? #LAME
It's that time. Tomorrow President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union.Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/h2M	It's a waste of time to watch it. Just pull out your DVR and look at the last 4 speeches, they are all the same.
President Obama is preparing to deliver his fifth State of the Union address on Tuesday.OFA wants to know which issues you're most excited to hear him discuss: http://ofa.bo/j0c	Looking forward to hear what the President has to say.
"Here in the United States of America, every man and woman, every girl and boy, has the right to be safe and protected and to pursue their own piece of the American Dream." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address on taking action to end sexual violence: http://ofa.bo/p0Z	and you make  every man and woman, every girl and boy in other countries live in fear you are the President of terrorism
A group of Republican senators is keeping 1.6 million job-seeking Americans cut off from an economic lifeline. They need to renew unemployment insurance now: http://ofa.bo/h0s	jobs would be better.. if you and the rest of the democrats get out of the way there will be no need for unemployment insurance
You won't believe why people used to be denied health insurance: http://ofa.bo/t0A #ThrowbackThursday	With the government death panels involved I would be concerned as to why I'm being denied health CARE. Go away Obamacare.
Health insurance advice from Kal Penn: Get covered. Help your friends get covered. Don't make out with someone with mono. http://ofa.bo/e01	guys you're missing the real message here: don't make out with someone with mono.
Something new to "like": Organizing for Action's new Facebook page, just in time for OFA's one year anniversary.	Waiting for you to be Tried for Derelict of Duty.  Look it up.
"I firmly believe that this can be a breakthrough year for America. But to make that happen, we’re going to have to act." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sv	the only breakthrough this man  have is to actually do something right... failure...
"I had multiple plans and companies to choose from, and the process took me just five minutes—plus it’ll save me $100 per month."This is why affordable health care matters to Patti: http://ofa.bo/by	Insurance and medical costs were way to expensive before ACA. Obama is working hard to correct this.  At least he is doing something about is.
More Americans are getting covered—and nearly 8 in 10 are qualifying for financial assistance. Find out more: http://ofa.bo/il	"8 out of 10 getting a hand out from government." No, 8 in 10 paying less for insurance.
Share Rosetta's health care story: http://ofa.bo/rg	35 Per month for health care of American people who are insured ... Obama care is a reasonable price for secure your health care reform ...
"Our success as a country depends on more than the success of our broader economy—it depends on the success of the American people. It depends on your ability to make ends meet, provide for your families, and, with a little hard work, feel like you can get ahead." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/fd	God speed Mr. President. I only hope that the nation would get behind you and that we pray for a blessing for this country
FACT: Six million Americans have gotten covered thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Have you? http://ofa.bo/rY	Fact.six million have signed up. That don't mean that they have paid for it and are covered yet
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: http://ofa.bo/qS	Fact.six million have signed up. That don't mean that they have paid for it and are covered yet
Affordable health care is here—that's a win: http://ofa.bo/aU	Universal health care would be better...
Tell Congress to do right by job seekers: http://ofa.bo/pS	do right to job seekers...CREATE JOBS
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, health care costs are growing at the lowest rate in 50 years: http://ofa.bo/iQ	"Health care costs are growing at the lowest rate in 50 years."  I am supposed to feel good about that after BHO promised is lower rates?
Share to send Congress a message: It's time to renew unemployment insurance. http://ofa.bo/rN	You want serious changes, revoke NAFTA, reinstate taffifs on imports, and give tax breaks to those companies looking to establish a domestic work force.
Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012. Tell Congress to renew job seekers' economic lifeline: http://ofa.bo/bX	6 months should be the max for unemployment benefits...there are jobs out there, we might need to put the migrant workers unemployed for a while
Today is a great day to get covered. http://ofa.bo/iL	Today is a great day to get covered. OR YOU PAY FINE!!!
Be covered on February 1st: http://ofa.bo/fN	Make sure the Republitards are covered on Feb 1... in gasoline with a lit match nearby
"Instead of punishing families who can least afford it, Republicans should make it their New Year’s resolution to do the right thing, and restore this vital economic security for their constituents right now." —President ObamaWatch the President discuss why we need to extend unemployment insurance in the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/rJ	Sir, you gave Congress their chance on several occasions.Since they refuse to act to help the American people,you should take Executive action to the job that Congress purposely won't do.
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in $5 to OFA and be automatically entered for a free trip to Washington D.C. http://ofa.bo/dD	I'll like to be there too,but the distance is much, very soon USA would keep expecting me,happy new year in advance to you all in USA.
To keeping progress going in 2014: http://ofa.bo/i5	Well .... Not sure bout the progress  part, but agree on the keep going.
OFA has big plans for next year, but one thing will never change: We're a grassroots organization built one donation at a time.Let's end this year strong: http://ofa.bo/p6	I don't think he has any big plans for Africa in 2015
Show your support for progress and become an OFA 2013 founding member: http://OFA.BO/t5	I'm so proud to be OFA founding member and part of movement for change
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: Before Obamacare, it was possible to reach a lifetime limit on health care spending—a lot sooner than you think. http://OFA.BO/FYkAUB	"If you like your plan you can keep it and you don’t have to change a thing due to the health care law."    http://m.whitehouse.gov/healthreform/healthcare-overview
Here's how to be covered on January 1st: http://OFA.BO/F5yp8t	with all the issues on the site you need to extend that deadline for at least 90 days.
This country needs more leaders on immigration. Tell these representatives to step up: http://OFA.BO/t5vzTN #ActOnReform	This country needs more leaders on immigration. Tell these representatives to step up: http://OFA.BO/t5vzTN #ActOnReform
Enroll by December 23rd and have a very happy New Year. http://OFA.BO/SqSgCF	Milly Del Pino Enroll by December 23rd and have a very happy New Year. Do it!!! (if you can...since the website never works -_- )
When you spend time with those you love this holiday season, make sure they know that a happy new year starts with health insurance: http://OFA.BO/dVg2af	I will say a happy new year start with knowing the only true God!
Wanted: Leaders on immigration reform.Which one of these six representatives will be that leader? http://OFA.BO/3Jyzse #ActOnReform	None of them are "Leaders" on immigration reforms!!! A candidate will be a person whom really understand the issues that immigrants (Millions) are going through.
"Madiba’s passing is rightly a time of mourning, and a time to celebrate a heroic life."Watch President Obama speak at the memorial service for Nelson Mandela: http://OFA.BO/J4W77c	Look at O, a black among blacks, it must be a great moment for him. He is in the majority!
To be covered on the first day of the new year, follow these simple steps: http://OFA.BO/3Fa82A	Barack ObamaTo be covered on the first day of the new year, follow these simple steps: http://OFA.BO/3Fa82ATHANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORTLOVEMOSES M.BILITYCOOL JAY ONENEW YORK/NEW JERSEY
When Isaac was just one year old, he was dropped from his health insurance because he had hit his lifetime limit. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, that can't happen anymore.Read Isaac's story: http://OFA.BO/dKArQU	When I worked for Coventry, this happened all the time with cancer patients. The employers had lifetime limits on the plan that they blew through in less than a year.
Need health insurance? Check out your options on the new marketplace, and buy by December 23rd to be covered on January 1st. Find out more: http://OFA.BO/h1A1ic	Barack ObamaNeed health insurance?Check out your options on the new marketplace, and buy by December 23rd to be covered on January 1st.
If you want to keep fighting for the agenda Americans voted for last November, apply to be an OFA Spring Fellow today: http://OFA.BO/TyKasU	We voted for Congress too to keep your dumbass agenda in check
These representatives serve districts that want leaders on immigration reform. Organizing for Action is going to make sure they know that. Add your name to tell them it's time for action: http://OFA.BO/nyuXuW #ActOnReform	Its Time for a reform!!!Help all those immigrants families that are being separated!!We trust in you guys that you will choose correctly!!
There are still plenty of opportunities to talk to your loved ones about health insurance during the Festival of Lights. Here's how you can #GetTalking: http://OFA.BO/jLryyY	Talk about socalism and how you will get used to it...
When the whole family gets together for the holidays, make sure a talk about health insurance is on the menu. http://OFA.BO/Rg96S3	I hope that the subject does not come up.  Being with the family is stressful enough.
Tell these five representatives: We need a leader on immigration in the House: http://OFA.BO/Jngdf7 #ActOnReform	Oh please.   We need a leader on immigration in the white house.
"After decades in which the middle class was working harder and harder just to keep up, and a punishing recession that made it worse, we made the tough choices required not just to recover from crisis, but to rebuild on a new foundation for stronger, more durable economic growth." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7XM3Ve	They have been giving you a hard time, but keep up the good work and in the end you will win.
Before Obamacare, this 17-year-old's insurance was canceled after she was diagnosed with celiac disease. http://OFA.BO/B1fCer #ThrowbackThursday	How is that even legal ... To be dropped after being diagnosed with a disease?  Crook bastards!
These five House members have the opportunity to lead on immigration reform. Tell them it's time: http://OFA.BO/ihWVXk #ActOnReform	Bubonic Hussein has an opportunity to lead by example on illegal immigration reform....by going back to Kenya
Share this: Health care shouldn't be a privilege for just a fortunate few—it should be a right for everyone. #Obamacare	no, it shouldn't be a privilege for anyone !everybody must have heath care coverage !it's a shame...GOBAMA !
President Obama wants to cut through the noise and talk with you directly about where we're headed in the fight for change.Get on the phone with the President tonight: http://OFA.BO/MqvYUe	Ian? Are you in the phone to Al here?
Find out how to have the talk about health insurance with friends and family this holiday season: http://OFA.BO/DAwrZT #GetTalking	Can't we have a break from talking about health care on the holiday?
"More good jobs. Cheaper and cleaner sources of energy. A secure energy future. Thanks to the grit and resilience of American businesses and the American people, that’s where we’re heading." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/EA9o6f	I'm so proud of you! You've had a load to tow but you're doing it with dignity and grace.Praying for you, your family, the government officials and this nation.
Spread the word to your friends and family—there are a lot of ways to #GetCovered this holiday season: http://OFA.BO/FFbgaf #GetTalking	Spread the word, you need to get to Gettysburg next week!  It's too important of a commemoration for you to not go!
Share to show your support for women's access to quality, affordable health care.	Now, what about male's access to quality, affordable health care.
Today we honor every service member who has ever worn one of our nation's uniforms. Happy Veterans Day.	They're fellow service members who sacrificed like the rest of us. That's all that matters!
If you care about the success of Obamacare, join the team: http://OFA.BO/TGF6pu	>Care about the success of ObamacareYou funny, you really funny. That implies it could succeed at all.
"One party in one house of Congress should not stand in the way of millions of Americans who want to go to work each day and simply be judged by the job they do ... I urge the House Republican leadership to bring this bill to the floor for a vote and send it to my desk so I can sign it into law." —President Obama on the Senate passing the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). Tell them you agree: http://OFA.BO/aRa13U	ENDA is DOA in the House, Boehner doesn't like it so he won't let come to the House floor for an up or down vote.
"Thank you for bringing it back home." —President Obama congratulates the Chicago Blackhawks on winning the Stanley Cup	hate to point it out to you, but the "home" of the Stanley Cup is CANADA,,,,we just loan it to the winning hockey team in friendly sportsmanship,,,but WE OWN IT!!!
It's time to work together to help people get covered. Join Team Obamacare: http://OFA.BO/8Ap72t	They need to work together to IMPEACH YOU HUSSEIN OBAMA!!!
How many people have holiday dinners like this? http://OFA.BO/CpvtVC #GetTalking	Not many especially the US veterans and many other hard workers. Thats why they all deserve their families rather than just a thank you.
Don't let people scare you out of getting affordable health insurance. #GetCovered	Some people want to trick you into GETTING the affordable care act -dont let them ruin your life and america-
Today President Obama speaks at Faneuil Hall about the success of the Massachusetts health care plan—a blueprint for Obamacare.Tune in at 3:55 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/TzgdKS	Today President Obama speaks at Faneuil Hall about the success of the Massachusetts health care plan, yay
Don't let your lawmaker be that guy. http://OFA.BO/djkQt7	Dont let your lawmaker be a black guy.
Climate change is real and it's affecting Americans right now.Add your voice and tell Congress to take action: http://OFA.BO/H6SZ2F #ThisIsReal	how are you going to change the climate?
"I’ll never stop fighting to help more hardworking Americans know the economic security of health care. That’s something we should all want." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address on Obamacare: http://OFA.BO/KmoXkJ #GetCovered	You idiot… Why don't you fight for the economic security of everyone having a job?!?!!!!
The House of Representatives can join the long list of those that support immigration reform. #ActOnReform	How about the long list of those that want you to leave office?
Time to double down on immigration reform.Watch this bilingual video about OFA's efforts to get the House of Representatives to take action: http://OFA.BO/MC8GnL #ActOnReform	Not to help the economyIt's only going to lower our wagesAnd put more money in the CEOs pockets
President Obama recorded a personal message for OFA supporters about the launch of the new health insurance marketplace, and the role you can play in helping Obamacare succeed. Watch it here: http://OFA.BO/zKnyzP	Barack ObamaPresident Obama recorded a personal message for OFA supporters about the launch of the new health insurance marketplace, and the role you can play in helping Obamacare succeed.
"We have a unique opportunity to fix our broken system in a way that upholds our traditions as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. We just need Congress to finish the job." —President ObamaTell the House of Representatives: #JustFixIt. http://OFA.BO/VPKiuZ	You mean destroy the country, I'd be set with just the system. The constitution you hate so much is what we stand for as a country
"Our goal has always been to declare that in this country the security of health care is not a privilege for a fortunate few. It's a right for all to enjoy." —President Obama #GetCovered	Seems to me I never saw healthcare in the Constitution or the Bill of Rights.  Also if it is a right why do we have to pay for it.
Americans have worked too hard to recover from one crisis to be forced into another one by Tea Party Republicans. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/NNpKgX	#please help others Americans and end this now. Why are we making it so hard for the Country we "love"?
Tell Congress: Do your job. End the government shutdown, end the threat of an economic shutdown. #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/h6Z1uQ	Fire everyone that is part of the congress and senate. Worthless assh**es. All about their own money.
If Congress doesn't raise the debt ceiling, America could face an economic shutdown.Tell the Tea Party Republicans to #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/uQJNPy	Not only America but the whole world will face an economic shutdown.
The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown is jeopardizing veterans' benefits. Say #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/Fyv15E	Why are we psying taxes.... the government is shutdown
"It's ridiculous." Here's what ordinary people think about Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown.Watch: http://OFA.BO/dZHdrQ #EnoughAlready	"It's ridiculous." Here's what ordinary people think about BARAK OBAMA: EPIC FAILURE.
"Let’s pass a budget, put people back to work, and end this Republican shutdown. Let’s pay our bills, and prevent an economic shutdown. Then let’s get back to the work of the American people." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/9M3oH5	...and help us get the Tea Party Republicans like Mitch McConnell out of the way of the citizens and KY.
The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown is damaging the small businesses at the heart of the American economy. Say you've had #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/tPiBC6	"When the people fear their government, there is tyranny.  When the government fears the people, there is liberty."Thomas Jefferson
Share this: The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown means most of our food isn't being inspected anymore.	this is total bs. This isn't just a one party shutdown this is on all parts of our government and mainly yours as you are the leader of our country!!!!
Share this: For more than 800,000 workers, the Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown means going without pay. #EnoughAlready	But... Why does the government have 800,000 non-essential workers in the first place?
Speaker Boehner says there aren't enough votes in the House of Representatives to reopen the government. Here's what those keeping count say: http://OFA.BO/WsBAn4 #JustVote	With the 21 republicans who said they will vote all they need is them and 98% of the Dems in the house. . . The votes are there !
"Irresponsible." "Reckless." "Dangerous." Watch OFA's new ad, and tell Speaker Boehner to end this #TeaPartyShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/dJ5yFP	Try hard to find a good ending to this great loss! Both of you
Day four of the #TeaPartyShutdown and Speaker Boehner still hasn't offered any real solutions. Meanwhile, Yosemite National Park was closed on its birthday.	Soon, if the Democrats maintain control and have it their way, this country will be #bankrupt just like the #democrat run city of #Detroit.
A group of Tea Party extremists in the House of Representatives shut down the government in a failed attempt to derail Obamacare. Tell the Speaker of the House to stand up to them and end the #BoehnerShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/6PeapG	Mr. Speaker of the House to stand up to them and end the #BoehnerShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/6PeapG. OBAMACARE IS WHERE WE ALL STAND ON.
Spread the word—Obamacare is here. http://OFA.BO/CG9qV8 #GetCovered	Wtf is up with the glasses...
Obamacare is here and the new health insurance marketplace is open for business. Join the team that's going to help make sure the law is a success: http://OFA.BO/YmsThE	Finally the USA finds a way to offer affordable healthcare to the masses!  Thanks to all those, on both sides of the aisle, that made it happen.
This is your movement. Chip in $5 today to support the agenda Americans voted for last November: http://OFA.BO/peFnN4	Why does it take more of our money to have the action that "Americans voted" for to happen?
"The American people have worked too hard to recover from crisis to see extremists in their Congress cause another one." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/Q69vRZ	Obama is the crisis Just look around and see what he has done and is doing to the hard working people of this country
The other side may have deep pockets, but OFA is a movement of millions of people—just like you. Put your name on the donor wall and show where you stand. http://OFA.BO/XqADMN	Yeshua is on HIS WAY....so I don't need to OWN part of HELL.....I have HEAVEN in  my vision.
"Congress needs to pass a budget on time. Congress needs to put an end to governing from crisis to crisis." —President Obama #EnoughAlready	The people need to rise up and put a end to you being president.
Fridge, filing cabinet, car, dishwasher.All great places for your new OFA magnet, free with a donation today: http://OFA.BO/Zy8tRe	free with a donation today...how is that free again? i need my 10 bucks for war taxes.
Americans are standing up and telling Congress #EnoughAlready. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/P4JyZn	That's funny right there.LOL.It's kicking the can, again!Ughghg...You all need to take your own advice.
Here is what a group of Republicans want: Shut down the government or defund #Obamacare. Neither is an acceptable option.Tell them #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/nJgUxD	Why is there a need for the Cleveland Clinic to lay off thousands of workers? Clinic said it is due to Obamacare, this does not sound good.
Share if you #StandWithWomen and support equal pay.	Can we support equal pay for all genders?
A government shutdown could undermine our recovering economy—all in the name of politics. Watch OFA's new ad and say #EnoughAlready. http://OFA.BO/xrcxyn	A government shutdown because the GOP aren't getting what they demand is an act of homeland terrorism. They are saying, do as we say or else.
Share if you're ready to stand with President Obama and #ActOnClimate.	We don't want to go to war with Syria!
This evening President Obama will address the nation regarding the ongoing situation in Syria. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/Xvs89w	Seems clear to me no one keeps up with the news anymore... especially in regards to the US-Syria situation
#Obamacare is helping kids and their families gain access to quality, affordable care. Show your support: http://OFA.BO/hLa2gX	Yes helping kids and their families in America and killing Arab kids .
Watch President Obama's address on the ongoing debate in Congress on Syria: http://OFA.BO/mfC58x	Does he plan on violating the Constitution yet again?
It's 2013, and millions of LGBT Americans still lack basic protection from discrimination under the law. Let's fix that. http://OFA.BO/4oMVw2 #ENDA	Need to fix other problems 1st...like treatment of the Native people & I agree stay out of Syria
Show your support for women's access to affordable health care: http://OFA.BO/C4v16i	But a Politician can make a difference in creating affordable health care to the people. For the people. For the Women.
This #LaborDay, stand with the working men and women of America—add your name in support of raising the minimum wage. http://OFA.BO/AEDmgK	Why not support the end of the constitution and the TPP while we are at at.
"That’s the lesson of our past. That's the promise of tomorrow—that in the face of impossible odds, people who love their country can change it." —President Obama #MLKDream50	people who love their country can change it
Fifty years ago, Americans gathered in Washington and Dr. King shared a dream for a nation. Today at 2:45 p.m. ET, President Obama speaks from the Lincoln Memorial, honoring our nation's progress and continued march to greater opportunity.Watch live and chat with other viewers: http://OFA.BO/nYtfnY #MLKDream50	I too have a dream and my dream is for peace all over the world including in america and Syria.
Back to school.	Back to Planned Parenthood Sex-Ed http://youtu.be/j7XR9yH2ETk
Celebrating 93 years of women's right to vote: #WomensEqualityDay	93 years of womens right to stay in the kitchen!
The majority of Americans support common-sense gun violence prevention measures. #WhatWillItTake for Congress to act?	=||  The majority of Americans support common-sense gun violence prevention measures ||I am part of that majority.Dear congress critter:   take note, I am from Oklahoma.
Keep the pressure on Congress—make sure they don't let gun violence prevention fall by the wayside. Find an event near you this week, and make sure your voice is heard: http://OFA.BO/s6eDpp#WhatWillItTake	turn on your TV and you will see the guns in the face of innocent people in Egypt by your supporting to Muslim brotherhood terrorist ..
This year, Congress had the chance to pass common-sense legislation that 9 out of 10 Americans said they wanted—but they failed to act.#WhatWillItTake to make gun violence prevention a priority?	"Congress had the chance to pass common-sense legislation that 9 out of 10 Americans said they wanted", they? congress or 9 0ut of 10 Americans?
"Your health insurance isn’t something to play politics with. Our economy isn’t something to play politics with. This isn’t a game. This is about the economic security of millions of families." —President ObamaWatch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/oKxfuN #Obamacare	If health insurance and economics are something to not play politics with the get it out of politicians hands.
If you work 40 hours per week with the current federal minimum wage, your annual income is still below the poverty line.Join President Obama in calling on Congress to raise the minimum wage for millions of Americans: http://OFA.BO/a8rd8E	Yea, raising the cost of everything to support the increase in minimum wage will fix it.
"We have to all shoulder the responsibility for keeping the planet habitable, or we're going to suffer the consequences—together." —President ObamaTell Congress we can't wait any longer to act on #climate change: http://OFA.BO/LYpTJk	True Mr.President.Climate change is real.We are also petitioning our government to do something.It could be too late by the time we decide to do something.I support you fully.
Climate change is happening and it's time to act. #ScienceSaysSo	Now if we can just get the Republicans to admit there is climate change taking place.
"If we work together, we can make a home a source of pride and middle-class security again." —President ObamaWatch the President speak about #ABetterBargain for homeowners in this week's address. http://OFA.BO/MeFbxN	Sad thing Obama is some people don't want to even work let alone work together! Even if its for the betterment of the future or their children future!
Congress is home for the month—you have their ear. Let them know about the issues that matter most.Get involved in #ActionAugust: http://OFA.BO/5CAkEu	Dissolve the current government, and give the people back their power. How's that for a suggestion you glorified puppet?
"We’ll make owning a home a symbol of responsibility, not speculation—a source of security for generations to come, just like it was for my grandparents. I want it to be just like that for all the young people who are here today and their children and their grandchildren." —President Obama #ABetterBargain	Without proper wealth a home is just a liability, and most of the people who want homes don't realize that stop peddling BS to poor people.
Today President Obama is in Phoenix, Arizona, to lay out his plan to help homeowners and strengthen the housing market. You don't want to miss this: http://OFA.BO/mW9szb #ABetterBargain	and a rifle(s) to keep in it...
OFA volunteers young and old were out in force today to talk to their communities about comprehensive immigration reform. Get involved in Action August today—say you'll #StandWithOurFuture.	I have a great immigration idea- send all the useless white Americans back to Europe and keep the productive, hard working, no entitlement immigrants here and make them citizens.
Today OFA volunteers are calling on their representatives in Congress to #StandWithOurFuture and bring comprehensive immigration reform to the House.Be a part of this: http://OFA.BO/tyNMPe	It's time to reform a lot of things, starting with the president. 
Forty meaningless attempts by the House of Representatives to repeal Obamacare won't affect you one way or the other—but here are 40 things that may make your life better: http://OFA.BO/r3FPZS	They act as though there is nothing more important to do!If I don't do my job I don't have one !
This month, OFA volunteers will take part in a nationwide effort to demand action on key issues while Congress is home on recess. Make a difference during #ActionAugust: http://OFA.BO/3dycdA	There has not been a change in the climate for 15 years you just want to screw the people more by driving up energy costs.
Today, President Obama will highlight the need for strong middle-class jobs in order to support our economy. Listen to the President speak from Tennessee about #ABetterBargain at 2:00 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/dajwCV	A strong economy needs strong middle class jobs which allow the average middle class to move up in life. Or at least secure a better financial future for their children.
"What you do day to day away from the TV cameras, that's what is going to make a powerful difference." —President Obama, speaking to Organizing for Action volunteers Get involved in Action August and make your voice heard in Washington: http://OFA.BO/zwYnJz	Yeah, it's hard to get away with as much illegal stuff in front of the camera.
"Repealing Obamacare, gutting critical investments in our future, threatening to default on the bills this country has already racked up, or shutting down the government ... None of that will take this country where it needs to go."Watch what the President has to say about his priorities for the remainder of his presidency in this week's address: http://OFA.BO/6cfu7V	I wish he would look into the closing of Long Island College Hospital..we need this hospital...thousands of people rely on this hospital.!!!!!
The President's priority for the next 1,265 days? Build #ABetterBargain for America's middle class. Watch the new OFA ad to learn more: http://OFA.BO/anQeEL	An immigration reform for 11 millions will help the middle class to get in a better place....
"We've got to set our eyes on the horizon." —President Obama	We've got to set our eyes on the sky!
Today, President Obama laid out his priority for his final 1,276 days in office: building #ABetterBargain for the middle class. Find out more: http://OFA.BO/uv8LKA	The plans has been laid for the youths and now its up to all of them to chase the dream and capture it.
During the August congressional recess, make sure your members of Congress know where you stand on the issues that matter most.It's easy to get involved in #ActionAugust. Find out how: http://OFA.BO/zNBF7Q	Hard for a lot of you who knows what's really on but you just can't seem to get past the color. Come on admit it stop lying.
The cornerstones of what it means to be middle class? Job security, education opportunities, access to affordable health care and the ability to save for retirement. Tomorrow, President Obama will speak about why the middle class is the heartbeat of the American economy. Don't miss this speech: http://OFA.BO/t3wFp4	The middle class is the heartbeat of America because we're willing to do all the hard work and accept little pay and even less appreciation.
"Each successive generation seems to be making progress in changing attitudes when it comes to race. It doesn’t mean we’re in a post-racial society. It doesn’t mean that racism is eliminated. But when I talk to Malia and Sasha, and I listen to their friends and I see them interact, they’re better than we are on these issues. And that’s true in every community that I’ve visited all across the country." —President Obama	Things are better however, we still have a way to go, I know this first hand
Gina McCarthy's confirmation today as head of the Environmental Protection Agency is an important step forward. We need common-sense policies now to protect our planet and our future. Add your voice and say you'll #ActOnClimate: http://OFA.BO/sGMKvz	This is true, when we have no control over the problem, change the present and become the vision of a future we can create in time.
The time is now for comprehensive immigration reform to help our economic recovery and strengthen Social Security. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/SRf3Mi #TakeItToTheHouse	Finally, something to 'help' our economic recovery? LOL
On this day 44 years ago, #Apollo11 launched into space, embarking on a mission to make America the first to explore the moon. Share to honor one giant leap for mankind.	it is a national shame that, 44 years later, this nation has lost it's capability to even put man in low earth orbit let alone return to the moon
"The House needs to act so I can sign commonsense immigration reform into law. And if you agree, tell your Representatives that now is the time." —President ObamaWatch his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/1P3gY8	Mr. President the  issue immigration in USA is a little story of the nation and for this u need to sign because in this way you can sign the future.
Getting the scoop.	Corrupting the minds of the American youth.
It's time for the House to step up and pass comprehensive immigration reform. Tell your representatives to #TakeItToTheHouse: http://OFA.BO/Aiab7K	So let's just say its time for the house to step up ... period. This is the WORST CONGRESS EVER.
It's time to take the next step towards comprehensive immigration reform. Tell your representatives to #TakeItToTheHouse: http://OFA.BO/3SN1ZQ	Also time to take the next steps toward impeachment.
Will you do your part to #ActOnClimate and shape our planet's future? http://OFA.BO/dmejHE	Shape your future and let us shape ours. The Egyptians are a people who can shape our future without your help.
We can't afford to wait for Congress to take action against climate change. That's why President Obama is taking the initiative to leave a cleaner, safer planet for our children.Join him today: http://OFA.BO/ZoJBnr #ActOnClimate	I hope you consider leaving a safer and cleaner planet for all the children around the world, stop supporting terrorists in Syria and Egypt
Comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform will improve our national security and speed up our economic recovery. Be a part of this fight: http://OFA.BO/2SfBeL #AmericanStory	Improve your national security and speed up our economic recovery ?
The #AmericanStory has long been written by immigrants.On July 4, 1776..."Fifty-six founders put their names on a piece of paper.Even those who had spent their entire lives in one of the thirteen colonies had grown up in another country.” —Cecilia Muñoz, White House Domestic Policy Council	The founding fathers shared the same ideals as snowden. Your administration is a disgrace and surely has every single one of them rolling in their graves.
The time is now. Don't let the House fail to fix our broken immigration system. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/nHW7oe #AmericanStory	We need to fix our broken country first!! 
President Obama and his family stand inside a cell on Robben Island, where former South African President Nelson Mandela was held prisoner for 20 years.	He needs to stand inside the one where Michael Morton was held for  27 years in a Texas's prison when he was wrongfully convicted
Don't be shy. Just sign up now and you could be fist-bumping the President in no time: http://OFA.BO/kXin97	Just like a human being -- to not be able to be everywhere and everything to everyone at once!
Want to be a great friend? You'll get to bring along a guest to meet the President backstage this summer if you win—it's free to enter. http://OFA.BO/n28K1Z	I've met many idiots in my life why would I want to bring a friend to meet another I rather go to the dentist
Backstage is the place to be—especially when the President is there. Enter now to meet President Obama backstage this summer (free airfare included): http://OFA.BO/YfLW7p	ANYWHERE the President is, is the place to be! I love  you, Mr. President!
It's been a remarkable week for our country. You can help keep up the momentum: http://OFA.BO/yTWvEi #LoveIsLove	We have a lot of progress to be made for us to all feel free, Mr. Obama. But this is absolutely a huge step in the right direction!
This is huge: Today, a bipartisan super-majority in the Senate voted to pass immigration reform.Let's keep up the momentum heading to the House: http://OFA.BO/WgQ495 #AmericanStory	Republicans if ever want to see another president in the White House you better pass immigration reform :P
Sign up now for your chance to meet the President backstage—free airfare and hotel included: http://OFA.BO/5XjV12	Hallo Barrack,what about having the chance to meet you in Tanzania...
This could be you.You and a guest could be picked to fly out to meet President Obama. Enter for free: http://OFA.BO/pS9C2E	This could have been me, maybe next time.Canadians want to meet Pres.There must be another contest where Canadians are allowed to enter.
Today, President Obama laid out a bold vision for America to face the global challenge of climate change.Show your support today: http://OFA.BO/5FAavN #ActOnClimate	Andrew Crocker, I partly agree. But will global warming remain a joke for the children of today, or tomorrow? We can all do something.
President Obama promised to act to address climate change—and today he will.If you agree that America needs a strategy to meet this challenge, add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/yncZkj #ActOnClimate	I agree we need to do something but it's hard to support Obama while he continues to wage war on herb and it's users
At 1:35 p.m. ET on Tuesday, President Obama will announce his plan to meet the growing threat of #climate change: http://OFA.BO/V7QLB3	Will there be any word on his growing threat to the rights of the American people?
Shop at your local small business today to mark the close of National Small Business Week 2013. #SBW2013	I think we all should shop at the small business  every time
Help spread the word about how Obamacare is helping millions of Americans access affordable health care. Join Team Obamacare today and get a free bumper sticker: http://OFA.BO/myw7HM #ObamacareWorks	and raise the rates of millions that pay for health insurance,and so illegals can get free healthcare
The CBO made it clear: Immigration reform is good for the economy, and shrinks the deficit—by nearly $1 trillion. Let's get it done.Show your support today: http://OFA.BO/dZpCQt #AmericanStory	i agree with you Mr president, reform is good and necessary for the USA and the USA needs all the immigrants here, lets get id done, i support.
Happy Father's Day.	i agree with you Mr president, reform is good and necessary for the USA and the USA needs all the immigrants here, lets get id done, i support.
"If there’s one thing I’ve learned along the way, it’s that all our personal successes shine a little less brightly if we fail at family. That’s what matters most."Watch President Obama's weekly address celebrating Father's Day: http://OFA.BO/EKV7v9	your personal family has it made but we the people family you have failed miserably bring our men home every one of them
Share this to show your support for marriage equality this LGBT Pride Month.	I support you but I don't support same sex marriage .
Six months ago today, 26 families were torn apart by gun violence. Our representatives in Congress still have yet to take action to protect our children and our communities.Don't let a milestone like today pass without doing something. Pledge to make a call to Congress: http://OFA.BO/9JmSgC #NotBackingDown	It will be passed Barack just have to be patient in this cant wait for it to happen and our children can have no guns  
Tomorrow marks six months since Newtown, and Congress has yet to take action to reduce gun violence. Let them know that you are #NotBackingDown.	And every day all your have to do is turn on the news to hear about more and more gun violence. Way to go Congress.
A fair pathway to earned citizenship will keep families together and keep our communities strong. Don't miss your chance to show support for comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/uCvKe1	The time has come to keep our communities strong.(VOTE)
Yesterday the Senate voted overwhelmingly to take the next step towards immigration reform. Let's get it done. Add your name today: http://OFA.BO/tQMWp5	I want to move to the USA because i want to join the U.S.Army. What is the fastest way to enlist when you are NOT an U.S.Citizen?
The time is now—show your support for immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/HZwa3F	I will show my full support if the immigration reform is inclusive of all people of African decent worldwide..
Photo: President Obama signs the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in 2009, in his first month in office. Today, on the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, the President made it clear that our work on equal pay for women is not finished:"I want every child to grow up knowing that a woman’s hard work is valued and rewarded just as much as any man’s."	How about a Bill that American workers get equal pay to what the Congress and the Senate get ... especially since the people actually produce something when they work?
"The bill before the Senate isn’t perfect. It’s a compromise. Nobody will get everything they want—not Democrats, not Republicans, not me. But it is a bill that’s largely consistent with the principles I’ve repeatedly laid out for common-sense immigration reform." —President ObamaThe Senate will be debating comprehensive immigration reform next week. Watch the President's weekly address to find out exactly why this bipartisan bill must be passed: http://OFA.BO/D86cDg	Well done mr president. We need a immigration reform for all the people that are here n work hard.
"What we want is to make sure that the voices of the people who put me here continue to be heard." —President ObamaOrganizing for Action represents these voices every day. Watch to learn more and get involved: http://OFA.BO/E2Yih4	and he'll use the IRS to make sure the voices of those that didn't put him there are NEVER heard. he's a tyrant.
Last weekend, 39 state chapters held Organizing for Action Founders' Summits. OFA members shared what motivates them to volunteer and discussed their next steps on issues ranging from immigration to climate change.  Are you fired up? Join us today: http://OFA.BO/5qrXoa	Do we call Will Smith and Martin Lawrence to get those prisoners out of Guantanamo Bay?
Happy LGBT Pride Month. Congratulations to these states on embracing equality in 2013. Let's keep up the momentum.	Now if the other states could catch on then we would have world wide equality
In 2012, Congress voted to keep student loan interest down. Unless they act now, rates will double on July 1. We can't let that happen. http://OFA.BO/dPjMZi	Congress does not want to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans but wants to raise the rates on student loans?!?!
Immigration has always been part of the American story, and reform will strengthen our economy and keep families together.The time is now. Join the fight: http://OFA.BO/vH9FP9	I think for the meantime, slow down all immigration and get our affairs in order.
"Our military remains the most trusted institution in America.When others have shirked their responsibilities, our Armed Forces have met every mission we've given them.When others have been distracted by petty arguments, our men and women in uniform come together as one American team." —President Obama speaking to the United States Naval Academy class of 2013	Too bad he can't do that with our government. After all the military has given him an example to follow.
Tomorrow morning, OFA takes the March for Innovation baton. Start brainstorming great immigration reform questions for Executive Director Jon Carsonand share this poster to spread the word about his Twitter town hall.	Start brainstorming great immigration reform questions for Executive Director Jon Carson--and share this poster to spread the word about his Twitter town hall.
Join the March for Innovation this week, and let Congress know that now is the time for immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/tPQBaM	where is the "don't like" bottom? Facebook it is time for that bottom! :D
President Obama gets a literacy lesson while visiting a pre-K classroom at Moravia Elementary School in Baltimore.Share if you believe in the importance of early childhood education.	Send him to a leadership school where he can get a lesson in that.
Pakistani entrepreneur Faizan Buzdar wanted to bring big ideas to the U.S. and hire American workers for his tech startup. Our broken immigration system stood in his way. Check out the video of Faizan's American Story, and add your support to the March for Innovation: http://OFA.BO/ptdsKH	He should stay behind in Pakistan to developers his great idea and help his country of Birth.
"Every time I walk through these kinds of facilities I'm thinking, this is just magic. I don't know how they do it." - President Obama on a tour of Applied Materials yesterday in Austin, Texas.Like this if you love science, too.	Of course you would think its magic, no experience in any form of manufacturing facility or business for that matter.. No wonder he doesn't know how to create jobs..
Pick your favorite: Which brush-off from climate deniers do you think is the most embarrassing?No more games. Say you'll hold climate deniers in Congress accountable: http://OFA.BO/DRgqYc	my favorite is HAARP.   oh, sorry, that only adds to the climate deniers argument
Share this if you agree that now is the time for comprehensive immigration reform.	Yes is time! now we need an immigration reform!!
OFA promised that the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention was far from over. Now we're proving it.	what a joke laws will never reduce gun violence and crime
Last chance: Sign this petition by midnight tonight demanding Congress act to expand background checks for gun sales  http://OFA.BO/po5WyD	Here comes the anti common sense republican posts by people who didn't read the gun control act legislation..nobody wants your guns, unless you fail background checks.
Share if you agree: Immigration is a part of all of our stories.	Immigration is a part of our problem if you ask me.Your letting in terrorist in this country.They hate Americans.
Organizing for Action will deliver this petition to Congress next week demanding action on gun violence prevention. Make sure your name is on it: http://OFA.BO/s9x6FHTell Congress you won't back down until they act.	Even if they were successful people would still fibda a way to get guns just look at how the war on drugs is going
Tell the climate deniers in Congress: It's time to stop denying the overwhelming science on climate change. Add your name now: http://OFA.BO/2HwHq7	Yes, and the next step is to stop denying the overwhelming science on religion.
In 1970, more than 20 million people participated in the first Earth Day. Today the lesson of the moment is as important as ever.	I was one of the participants of the very first Earth Day!
Today supporters around the country are showing their senators they're not done fighting for gun violence prevention. Add your name: http://OFA.BO/tXeeRr	The idiots from the gun lobby only want money, they are not interested in people that are killed by their weapons -.-
Share if you agree: The fight to prevent gun violence isn't over.	That bill wont solve gun violence any way..How bout we focus on North Korea now.
Can you pick up the phone right now and call your senators? Today is the day to make our voices heard on gun violence. http://OFA.BO/rARViF	Its high time the government listens to the voice of the people,we made you who you are today ok
Pledge to call the Senate tomorrow—be part of the National Call Day for gun violence prevention: http://OFA.BO/6LidEn	Happily - we did it in the UK and our gun violence is now virtually nonexistent. By contrast, the levels of gun crime violence in the US is shameful.
Thousands gathered across the country yesterday to remember the victims of gun violence. Share if you agree: It's time for Congress to act.	Our confidence in all the officials that they will do everything good for the benefit of citizensGod save America and the American people of any evil.
As you probably noticed, that’s not the President. Watch to see why President Obama is not giving the weekly address today: http://OFA.BO/xpMr7w	... most members of the NRA would not like to be known as thugs. Somebody please tell certain plutocrats in a way they cannot ignore.
Worth sharing: Senator McCain agrees that the American people deserve a vote on common-sense measures to reduce gun violence—and he's willing to call out those who would stand in the way. (via Demand Action)	least he agree that the American deserve to vote when it come to gun control laws  ,but he also need to stand with president Obama for equally justice.
Share this if you agree: Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote—and it's time for Congress to act.	and Every family that has lost loved ones at Benghazi deserves a voice--and it's time for Congress to act.
"We need parents, we need teachers, we need police officers, we need pastors, we need hunters and sportsmen—Americans of every background—to say we've suffered too much pain and care too much about our children to allow this to continue." —President ObamaShare this if you're one of the 92% of Americans who want Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun sales: http://OFA.BO/U5MvvD	I wish people would use common sense and see we need gun control to restrict those who have no common sense from getting them. This is ridiculous!
Share the news: Our economy has added nearly 6.5 million private-sector jobs over 37 straight months.	Um-our unemployment rate has risen for the thirx week in a row out here in CA....we're still suffering
Like this if you agree it's time to fix our broken immigration system so families like Claudia's aren't needlessly torn apart. http://OFA.BO/R6F4N8	Sorry, I think we need to fix the immigration system to keep illegals out and protect our economy.  this family can go live where the husband is legal
"Tears aren't enough. Expressions of sympathy aren't enough. Speeches aren't enough. We've cried enough. We've known enough heartbreak." —President Obama on why families who have lost loved ones to gun violence deserve a vote now.Share this and add your name if you agree: http://OFA.BO/DPQNFJ	These ladie has lost there kids,how could someone not want to vote about this issue. My heart go out to these ladies and you have my vote.
Nearly all of us came from someplace else.Like this and share your family's immigration story if you agree it's time to fix our broken immigration system: http://OFA.BO/aPdkaD	I have the right to keep my family together and I know that will become my reality this year! Thank you President Obama
"Reading is important. If you know how to read then the whole world opens up to you." —President Obama at The White House Easter Egg Roll: http://OFA.BO/bxBShE	Great idea, how about you read to them the Constitution of the United States?  Ask the Republicans where to find it.
This week, thousands of supporters around the country held more than 100 events to urge Congress to help protect our kids by reducing gun violence. Add your name to join them: http://OFA.BO/YGsVVY	What I don't get is where these people find time to stand outside and hold signs?They don't have jobs or go to school?
Pitch in $5 or more now to become a founding member of Organizing for Action and help restore the balance of power to ordinary people: http://OFA.BO/pr844h	We voted Barack Obama into office to restore the balance of power, now we are supposed to PAY for that!  I already pay my taxes!
Share this and add your name if you agree: Universal background checks shouldn't be controversial—and it's time for Congress to get it done. http://OFA.BO/s1JWXv	good for you Sara. Some common sence for a change.I feel this way if I have nothing to hide let them check I will even help them
All smiles in the Oval Office.	Distributed sad smiles on the world
Share this if you believe every American should be able to marry the person they love.	Share this if you believe every Algerian should be able to marry the person they love.
Like and share this if you stand with the millions of Americans fighting for marriage equality.	I live in California and I'm glad that there will soon be a time where all people of the US can have the wedding and marriages of their dreams. CHANGE!!!
Share this if you agree: Our immigration system has been broken for too long—and it's time for Congress to fix it. http://OFA.BO/kVcMav	Our Black Americans have been broken for far too long ... it's past time for Congress to fix that before anything else.
Like this if you agree that no American who works full time should have to live in poverty—then share President Obama's plan to raise the minimum wage: http://OFA.BO/VaSpqD	No worker who can only get part time should have to live in poverty! Employers do not do the moral thing these days, so the government has to step in.
Share this and add your name to tell Republicans in Congress to invest in clean energy and help combat climate change—not gut the progress we've made to protect the environment: http://OFA.BO/HjTkTg	is my name and we need it all, develop all methods now, it will save the environment and extend the supply of oil
Like and share this if you agree: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save lives and make us safer—and it's time for Congress to act.	Every time I buy a gun they call the ATF and do a back ground check , where do I go for this not to happen?
When all our voices are heard, that's when change happens. Join Organizing for Action to help pass President Obama's agenda: http://OFA.BO/PdjKG7	Or change comes when you force things down peoples throats, without giving them the opportunity to vote on those matters!
Like & share this if you support President Obama's balanced plan to protect vital services and reduce the deficit (via The White House).	Tuition assistance is vital to our military men and women. That is helping the middle class and that needs to be returned to those who serve our country.
Share the good news: Our economy has added nearly 6.4 million private-sector jobs over 36 straight months. http://OFA.BO/ou5vcs	Boooooooooooooooooooooooo Private only for real?? How that say 6.4 million jobs all through out the work force not just private sectors!
Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Tell Congress it's time to act: http://OFA.BO/kS4j3Y	Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Congress it's time to act !!!
Like this if you'd honk—then tell Congress to close background check loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands: http://OFA.BO/WSJQci	You right they need to keep guns out of criminal hands, but also need to keep em out of the dirty cops hands too
Like & share this if you agree: We should never cut student aid before closing tax loopholes for millionaires and large corporations.Tell Congress to stop these cuts now: http://OFA.BO/e5KYMJ	we could save so much money by making the Senate and Congress to pay for their own health care, especially long term.
Devastating budget cuts are going into effect because Congressional Republicans refused to act.Like and share this if you agree it's unacceptable—then add your name to support the President's plan to stop these cuts: http://OFA.BO/1Zxrh9	it seems to me the Republicans are doing all they can to ruin this administration even at the cost of the nation.
"Renewing this bill is an important step towards making sure no one in America is forced to live in fear, and I look forward to signing it into law as soon as it hits my desk." —President Obama on today's passage of the Violence Against Women Act: http://OFA.BO/ojTaaX	this is a big step to some of the hate that is out there THANK YOU
Like and share this if you agree: We can't afford to cut vital services that middle-class families depend on. It's time for Congress to stop these severe budget cuts and focus on creating jobs: http://OFA.BO/cVUzQH	Nor can we afford to cut the services that the very much over-looked lower class depends on as well.
If Congress doesn't act by Friday, severe spending cuts would slash vital services for children, seniors, the mentally ill, and our men and women in uniform.Share how these cuts could affect your family—and why Congressional Republicans should protect middle-class families over tax loopholes for millionaires: http://OFA.BO/utoPad	If Congress doesn't act by Friday, severe spending cuts would slash vital services for children, seniors, the mentally ill, and our men and women in uniform.
Yesterday, thousands of supporters at rallies and events around the country called on Congress to act to reduce gun violence. Check out some of the highlights—then find out how you can help make it happen: http://OFA.BO/dTBtb8	There are 300 million guns in the US, how is any piece of legislation going to stop their use, fix the real problems
Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to reduce gun violence. Join them: http://OFA.BO/ANGb3H	Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to uphold the constitution.... LIKE YOU PROMISED
If we can save even one life by reducing gun violence, then we have an obligation to try. It's time for Congress to act.Share this if you agree.	if we can save even one unborn life by a Human Life Amendment then lets pass it
92% of Americans agree that universal background checks will help keep guns out of dangerous hands. Like this if you're one of them—then tell Congress to act to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/Lj8k3r	Give me a break people, universal background checks will surely help keep guns out of the hands of some dangerous people and hurts no one.
Now is the time to reduce gun violence and protect our kids. Find out how you can help make it happen—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/LNA6AH	You may take guns away but youll have to take some of our lives to get our guns! I will fight for my guns!
Like and share this if you agree: It's time for Congress to avoid self-imposed, brutal spending cuts and focus on making America a magnet for good, middle-class jobs.	Yes, Spending cuts are in place because we need to pay of two unpaid for wars.simple as that.
"Last year, there were 443 murders with a firearm on the streets of [Chicago], and 65 of those victims were 18 and under. So that’s the equivalent of a Newtown every four months." —President ObamaFind out how you can help reduce gun violence and protect our kids—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/7TmuJ4	this is bull out of know were he wants to ban guns and there happens to be 500 shooting wake up people
They deserve a vote.	Don't all Americans deserve a vote?
President Obama laid out his plan: Now it's in our hands. Pitch in $5 or more now to help get it done: http://OFA.BO/4AXuZX	Nice to see he is out there trying to help the young people get homes instead of renting....without him, I wouldn't have my home.  Go Obama!
President Obama's getting ready: Like and share this if you're excited to hear his State of the Union speech tonight.	i will not like and i will not share. simply because he is going to announce more of his BS.
Share this if you support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids.	I'd rather reduce kid violence and protect our guns.
"All we required was the opportunity to succeed." —Victor G. on why fixing our immigration system is so important to him and his family. Help pass real reform by sharing your family's immigration story here: http://OFA.BO/V4WmHu	How would you give these immigrants papers when they broke the Migration Law and are just destroying our country after the way the United States is economic
Even former President Reagan agrees: Weapons of war have no place in our communities.	We the people need weapons like these to assure that no government has the power to start a tyrannical take over
Nearly all of our families came to America from someplace else. Help fix our broken immigration system by sharing your family's story: http://OFA.BO/oMaFgw	When will we get rid of the Hatred in our heart and souls.  WHEN!!! WHEN!!
We are more alike than we are different: http://OFA.BO/CcVhCv	Amen! You don't know how many of us are immigrants
“Her defiance spurred a movement that advanced our journey toward justice and equality for all.” —President Obama on the 100th anniversary of Rosa Parks’ birth: http://OFA.BO/URbra7	the weight of knowing what happened on that day, and the history leading to it, and the future leading from it, is heavy. what a weight to bear.
Make sure your friends heard the good news: Our economy has added more than 6.1 million private-sector jobs over the past 35 months.	People say college is the way to success but people don't know that the majority of people who lost their jobs had more than one college degree.
"The time is now. You must act. Be bold. Be courageous. Americans are counting on you." — Gabby Giffords urging the Senate today to take action on gun violence	Americans are also counting on you to protect and serve the Constution
Share this if you agree with President Obama: We need a fair and common-sense immigration system that lives up to our heritage as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.	it is a nation of immigrants and all colors of skin, i may add!
"By remaining vigilant against those who seek to perpetrate violence and murder, we honor those we lost during one of the darkest periods in human history. And we keep their memory alive for generations to come." —President Obama on International Holocaust Remembrance Day	My Uncle and Grandfather survived the camps.  I remember them in pictures, too.  Love and respect to my President and to those we remember in fondness.
Each one of us needs to speak up and demand action to reduce gun violence. Here's how you can help, right now: http://OFA.BO/ToNN67	Each one of us needs to stand up and defend our liberties, especially the right to bear arms.
"I want to take a look one more time. I'm not going to see this again." —President Obama pausing while leaving his second inaugural ceremony to look out onto the crowd on the National Mall	I watched this happen while watching CSPAN yesterday.Loved this moment.So glad to see him take the time to appreciate and relish in the moment.
"Our journey is not complete." —President Obama	"Our journey is not complete," Unfortunately for the rest of us.
President Obama will be sworn in for the second time tomorrow. What are your favorite memories from his first inauguration?	Everything about the first one was my favorite as will be the second time around....love it!
President Obama and the First Lady helped paint a school for today's National Day of Service. Did you volunteer in your community? Share your experience in the comments.	How you going to paint a school standing in front of a cabinet/desk?
Now is the time. Say you stand with the President and Vice President to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/onN3YZ	I stand with the people to reduce the power the President and VP are taking away from our Constitution.
Your friends should have the facts about the President's common-sense plan to reduce gun violence—share this graphic to spread the word.	we also need better security within the homes of gun owners, as well as trying to eliminate the black market on weapons sales.
Help write our next chapter: Be a part of the conversation over inauguration weekend about what's next for this organization. http://OFA.BO/6AiBAc	How about skipping the inaugural parties and save a lot of money for the people?
Share this chart to spread the good news: The private sector added 168,000 jobs in December, for the 34th month of growth in a row. http://OFA.BO/sTnMAP	This is steady and progressive progress in the jobs market and this is one reason that he won his second term in office.
Make sure your friends see this—an update on the bipartisan agreement to prevent a tax hike on 98% of Americans, straight from President Obama: http://OFA.BO/ZDFJXT	Did you really give a pay raise to congress after raising taxes on the middle class? Say it isn't so!
"President Lincoln knew that in these United States, no dream could ever be beyond our reach when we affirm that individual liberty is served, not negated, by seeking the common good." —President Obama on the Emancipation Proclamation, which Lincoln issued 150 years ago today. http://OFA.BO/iEPfUZ	Our Congress seems to have forgotten these words.and I still believe they think they are above the law ,and could and SHOULD be Empeached right now!!
The day after the election, the President made a surprise visit to campaign HQ in Chicago to give a heartfelt thank-you to staff and volunteers. Here's what he said. http://OFA.BO/jvkSZp	What a heartfelt, heartwarming, sincere thank you to the people that helped give him another 4 years. God Bless...  :)
Help turn out voters in key states where just a few votes could make the difference: http://OFA.BO/crWt35	I voted for you in mine, where it unfortunately doesn't make a difference.
It's time to go vote! Confirm your polling place here: http://OFA.BO/sh52NU	You got my vote Mr. President & Mr .Vise President. God Bless you both. I will be going to vote soon.
President Obama refused to let the American auto industry die: "I knew betting on American workers was the right thing to do."	@Beatrice where was America that you have to get it back?
President Obama made the bold decision to order a raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan, eliminating the man responsible for the 9/11 attacks and the only leader al Qaeda had ever known.	My son-in-law, LTC T.K. Kelly had a part in this and stands behind our President!!!  God Bless the USA!!
President Obama kept his promise to end the war in Iraq. Mitt Romney called the decision to bring our troops home from Iraq “tragic.”	Wow...!!I AM REALLY GLAD TO HEAR THAT STATEMENT MR.OBAMA..!!!IT WOULD BE GREAT, and i really hope to end the war to the well of the human race...
President Obama is fighting for the American Dream because he's lived it. http://OFA.BO/kV8SNu	that's why i like him.. He knows what is struggles in life, and the everyday living of fighting to make it........
The choice for commander in chief: President Obama’s four years of strong leadership vs. Mitt Romney’s reckless statements and poor judgment. http://OFA.BO/egwL2s	I think the choice of words used in this post are reckless and of poor judgment.Stay positive...and quit asking me for $6 bucks every day...
"Read my plan. Compare it to Governor Romney's. And decide which is better for you." http://OFA.BO/hAKuC8	It isn't about what is better for me but what is better for the country.
Your friends should see this chart before they step into a voting booth. http://OFA.BO/ydN8VY	I can't change my friends' minds but I can guarantee I'm stepping into that voting booth to vote for Barack Obama.
"I voted for him in 2008, and I plan to stick with him in 2012."—GOP former Secretary of State and retired four-star general Colin Powell on why he supports President Obama in this election: http://OFA.BO/sCEHDg	I voted for him in 2008 but unlike you Colin, I learn from my mistakes. I will be voting for Mitt Romney in 2012.
This weekend is one of the last chances we have to get out the vote—pick up a shift for the President: http://OFA.BO/R8Z8M2	I have NEVER been more nervous about an election. If there is a God, please smile down on this man next Tueaday. The country and the world needs this man.
Make sure your friends know how Obamacare is making health insurance more affordable for their families: http://OFA.BO/YSZUEq	If he is someone better let the health insurance know because my open enrollment is due and is costing more for 2013.....so not sure what your posting means
Election Day is just a week away. If you've already cast your ballot, let your friends know: http://OFA.BO/zhu598	Teresa, please return to Fox Tv where you get your so called facts, what a joke and embarasment.
Our thoughts this morning are with everyone who's been affected by the storm. Help support relief efforts where they're needed most by donating to the Red Cross: http://OFA.BO/ruDtEw	Thank you, Mr. President, our prayer are with all areas affected by the storm and also for you.  God Bless Us All!
Why are you voting for President Obama? Leave your No. 1 reason in the comments and tag a friend to let them know.	because president obama is allowing me to take control of my future as a woman and leting me decide what's best for my body instead of deciding that for himself.
Help get the word out on President Obama’s accomplishments—as quickly as you can: http://OFA.BO/ewJdZv	You left out NDAA...How come you never mention this as an accomplishment?
States along the East Coast are preparing for Hurricane Sandy. If you can, please support American Red Cross disaster relief efforts here: http://OFA.BO/JdnJ23	My prayers are going right now for the East Coast's safety! Please help them Mr. President! God bless!
Make sure your friends get the facts on how President Obama is fighting for women: http://OFA.BO/AnNUoH	Ladies your big day is coming up. Nov 6th, 2012 is your chance to make history and support the president who is standing up for you!!!
“Nothing can stand in the way of the power of millions of voices calling for change.” Use your voice this weekend—canvass for the President: http://OFA.BO/szAFkA	How old is this photo! You probably don't even have that many people in the United States to vote for you! Photo Shopped to the max.
"We don't look backwards, we look forward." —President Obama, wrapping up his 8-state, 48-hour trip in Cleveland yesterday. Catch up on the whole thing here: http://OFA.BO/FgeJtQ	If we do not look back and put our head in a sandbox you will destroy our country.Get on the press and explain Libya .
President Obama is the first sitting president to vote early. Find out if you can vote early in your state—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/AxXHsS	Did you vote for the other guy, since you can't run on your record?
“Our destiny is not written for us, it’s written by us. And we’re going to write the next chapter together.” Check out the President’s plan to keep us moving forward—then pass it along: http://OFA.BO/sNyEof	Mr. President, I am wise, a resident of Benghazi please give an order for aircraft not trouble us our tomorrow just because it is the first day of Eid al-Adha
President Obama on day one of his 8-state, 48-hour tour: "The crowds are great—the enthusiasm is unbelievable. People are working so hard." Follow along with the rest of the trip here: http://OFA.BO/TJh6K4	we are all hoping for 4 more years of the good work....
Ready, set, go: President Obama is visiting 8 states over the next 48 hours, and you can get an inside look at his trip here: http://OFA.BO/Kue1gb	President Obama, I hope that over the next 4 years you work to eliminate the electoral college. I'd like to see you in Texas someday.
Make sure your friends and family see President Obama’s second-term plans to keep us moving forward: http://OFA.BO/AefFhG	How about adding to our military so America is not weak?   Oh wait, I forgot your plan is to make it weak.  My bad. 
If you place an order today, you’ll get everything by Election Day. The code LASTCALL gets you 30% off and, as always, shipping is free: http://OFA.BO/Eyy11V	read it before you speak! When you turn a certain age the only thing they will do is give you pain pills.
One conversation could make the difference in this election—make a few calls to voters today: http://OFA.BO/c2jR3Q	I made calls this morning!  Do it, ladies!  It isn't hard and it is a great way to serve!
President Obama paid Jon Stewart a visit yesterday—watch the interview here, and pass it on: http://OFA.BO/vQaox4	I wish Romney paid a visit instead. Obama has a great sense of humor and understands the younger generations, but Romney on the Daily Show would make history.
Forward, not back. http://OFA.BO/9Eaycy	President Obama all the way!! Forward not backwards.
Share this if you agree: Our daughters should have the same opportunities as our sons.	I to was blessed with two daughters and two granddaughter and i believe they should have the same opportunities as any man.
This campaign is in the palm of your hand. Give $10 to Obama for America by texting GIVE to 62262.	The only way I would give obama $10 is for his moving expenses in Jan, 2013 when he moves out of the White House and back to Chicago!
Make sure your friends know—Mitt Romney isn't telling voters the truth about his plans for the country: http://OFA.BO/hJ1QYy	ask obama  when is he going to give the American people  the money back that he  stoled  and gave to his buddies
Like and share this if you're siding with the middle class—and Team Obama-Biden—after tonight's debate.	Joe is going in with the truth!!
Stand with the only candidate in this election who’s fighting to make college more affordable: http://OFA.BO/vpgTCh	Wishing you all the best for the president of America in the next election at hand. Your victory may bring the happiness to all the marginalized American people.
Share this graphic so your friends know the choice on taxes in this election: http://OFA.BO/SFbD9C	Last time i checked its your term and my taxes are still higher than ceos put the blame game elsewhere
Today's the voter registration deadline for Colorado, Florida, Michigan, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and several other states around the country. Take a couple minutes to fill out your voter registration form here—then stick it in the mail today: http://OFA.BO/FXkddi	1st time voter and in VA and I will NOT be voting for that SNEAKY AZZ DUMB AND DUMBER ROMNEY AND CREW. Lets get this Obama!!!!
This new tool shows you exactly how President Obama’s policies are making a difference in your community—just plug in your zip code: http://OFA.BO/xFKoY1	Check it out! Enter your zip code to see how your community has been helped by Obama's policies.
Some amazing news this morning: 1,825,813 people came together to raise $181 million for this campaign and combined committees in September. Thank you—let's keep it going: http://OFA.BO/KsRE8c	1,825,813 people came together to raise $181 million for Obama....10 people came together to raise the same amount for Mitt Romney
Share the good news: The economy has added 5.2 million private-sector jobs over 31 straight months, and the unemployment rate is below 8% for the first time since January 2009. More on President Obama's long-term plan to create jobs: http://OFA.BO/Qs2XwM	lots to clean up after 8 years of tax cuts for the wealthy. I will support you President!!!
Last night’s no. 1 takeaway: the President has a plan to move us forward—Romney doesn't. http://OFA.BO/gUjxPP	I don't think that was the number 1 takeaway from last night.... Show up next time ready to win it, Mr. President.
Make sure your friends know: President Obama's the choice to move us forward, not back. http://OFA.BO/AGtLDM	what the hell happened tonight you need to fight for this county !!!!!!!!!!!!!! not sit back and let mitt take over
Like & share this if you've got the President's back in tonight's debate. http://OFA.BO/LzKQuX	He has got to win otherwise we are in a world of hurt!
This election is important. Get registered before it’s too late: http://OFA.BO/aiZE5V	Get registered and vote now
Tomorrow night's first presidential debate is a huge moment in this campaign. Cheer on the President with supporters in your community: http://OFA.BO/16TpXc	BIG MISTAKE --- in 1960 Nixon had the election sowed up until the debate with Kennedy -- after the debate with Kennedy he lost the election by a whisker----
People are already voting in some states around the country—so this election's already begun. Make sure you and your friends are registered and ready to vote: http://OFA.BO/zjs7F9	I have made sure that all my family is registered to vote for you Mr. President.
The best thing you’ll read today: http://OFA.BO/vnDJma	The second best thing you'll read today http://antieveryone.tumblr.com/post/32328989256/prometheus?og=1&fb_action_ids=10151092797493460&fb_action_types=tumblr-feed%3Apost&fb_source=aggregation&fb_aggregation_id=288381481237582
“I’m not fighting to create Democratic jobs or Republican jobs—I’m fighting to create American jobs.” —President Obama in Milwaukee	Barack bhama, go in the hell and all zioniste , your fighting to create american zioniste
Free car magnet! http://OFA.BO/7dgYfw	Can I have a car too?
Check out President Obama's plan to keep us moving forward—then pass it on: http://OFA.BO/UBk6DL	Looking forward to the reelection!These  are great plans ..and we can make it happen.The country is on your side.We are in this together.
“I am Barack Obama and this is my wife, Michelle.”—President Obama“I’m his date.”—Michelle ObamaThrow your name in the hat for your shot at joining the President for dinner: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	He's my man and Michelle is the greatest!
President Obama told the story of the time he put then-4-year-old Malia’s hair in a bun for ballet (mom was out of town).The teacher took one look and said, “Would you like me to redo your hair?” Malia said, “Yes, please.This is a disaster.” Trade stories with the President at the last Dinner with Barack: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf	Everybody in the USA should be on board with our President!!!!!!!!!! He is OUR only HOPE for GETTING back to BEING the USA!!!!!!!
If you agree that we need a President who stands up for all Americans, pitch in $5 now: http://OFA.BO/53CrMK	We do need a President that stands up for all Americans.  Hopefully we'll get one in 2016.
Last call to get your favorite Obama bumper sticker for free—choose yours right now: http://OFA.BO/TXtTsZ	Donated $35 to Obama already 2 weeks ago. I would really like my bumper sticker please.
If you're willing to stand with me, and vote for me, and organize with me, we will finish what we started. http://OFA.BO/uzuW5N	Yes I am ready to stand with you Sir.We need to vote all blue.Get those do nothing Republican out of congress.
Share the President's plan to build on 30 months of private-sector job growth: http://OFA.BO/zoSZRA	Valencia do your homework, his healthcare plan will cost the MIDDLECLASS $3,000 a year
With only a few weeks until voter registration deadlines, use our new app to get your friends and family registered now: http://OFA.BO/1cFetv	I sent my registration in back in July via us mail (state of Texas) but haven't gotten a voter card or any other info. What should I do?
In August, we closed the fundraising gap with Mitt Romney and the Republicans for the first time since April. That's huge—but we can’t let up. Help make sure this campaign keeps growing by getting your friends involved—start a grassroots fundraising page right now: http://OFA.BO/VNSHFm	Sorry the fundraising should be for the unemployed, the hungry, the sick people in our country
Spotted in Iowa: This is probably a fun door to knock on.	I drive by this house on my way to my parents almost everyday and it is VERY tacky!! This is a nice development and this does nothing for it!
Fun with phone-banking for Obama for America – Colorado.	...4 more years!  Yes for Obama on November 2012!
President Obama got a lift in Fort Pierce, Florida today (by a pizzeria owner who can bench-press 350 pounds and was really happy to see him).	Mitt Romney would be so upset if an average guy like that even came close to him, let alone lift him up off the ground.
Touchdown POTUS.	Mitt Romney would be so upset if an average guy like that even came close to him, let alone lift him up off the ground.
Keep these four around for four more years—commit to vote: http://OFA.BO/s64YUs	i want these four GREAT PEOPLE to stay four more years
If you’re standing with the President, we’ve got a free sticker for you: http://OFA.BO/s9meiB	I've tried 4 times to get a free sticker and I"m still waiting!!!
If you're fired up right now, if you've got Barack Obama's back, then own a piece of this campaign. Pitch in now: http://OFA.BO/p7kHsf	I think Obama needs to start telling lies....it's the only way he has a chance of people the big GOP lie machine
President Obama: “We don’t turn back. We leave no one behind. We pull each other up.” If this sounds like the America you believe in, keep us moving forward: http://OFA.BO/FzuNUH	Behind you all the way sir!!!
We need to move forward, not back. Pitch in $5 or more now to support President Obama: http://OFA.BO/HkgqwJ	Keep Obama or we will be sure to move women back to the middle. Ages
You won’t want to miss the final night of the Democratic National Convention tonight. Live now: http://OFA.BO/i8Dqic	Wouldn't miss it for the world!  I've watched all of the convention on C-SPAN each day.
Let’s make sure President Obama is a two-term President—pitch in $5 now: http://OFA.BO/s9T8Jh	Im ready for a M0rm0n Republican for a change . Change is g0od especially when it comes to Presidents and underwear .
Share this with your friends and family if you support this plan to keep us moving forward.	We're moving forward, but unless we also focus on education and the poor, we're going to leave a lot of folks behind.
Barack met Michelle Robinson, now Michelle Obama, while working at the same law firm. They recently shared the story of their first date: http://OFA.BO/ujAbKX	This is a pic taken in Alego, Kenya, when Obama came to introduce his wife to his grandma.As a Kenyan from the same place, I'm proud of him.
Barack and his mother, Ann, in Cambridge, MA. He attended Harvard Law School after graduating from Columbia University and working in Chicago as a community organizer.	He attended Harvard Law School after graduating from Columbia University and working in Chicago as a community organizer. yeah so now is the tim
We just hit a major milestone: More than 3 million supporters now own a piece of this campaign. Find out more about the people who make this campaign possible: http://OFA.BO/KawTy3	there more then 3 millon out of work who needs 4 more years of this we need a change
Pick out your favorite bumper sticker and we’ll send it to you for free—it’s that easy: http://OFA.BO/joqrbs	Too bad that you can not get the sticker in Germany ..
“This Thursday night, I will offer you what I believe is a better path forward—a path that grows this economy, creates more good jobs, strengthens the middle class.”—President Obama in Urbandale, Iowa	how can the economy not be good but the local casino is bustling?
Summer may be coming to an end, but this campaign is heating up—show your support for the President and get 25% off in the Obama 2012 store: http://OFA.BO/fa9p3x	I voted for you the last but not this this you sold us down the drain Mr President
Another way to get involved and meet supporters just like you—check out Dashboard, our online organizing tool: http://OFA.BO/3zjDuY	I like this ....its not always easy to know where to begin to start supporting our president and his values....thank you for providing this info !
President Obama's hitting the road to Charlotte this week to accept the nomination at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday—follow along here: http://OFA.BO/iipJKX	We are on the road to victory! OBAMA 2012!!!
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to take us back to the 1950s on women’s health. Pitch in $5 or more now to help make sure they don’t get the chance: http://OFA.BO/8vpDT1	that would bring us forward because you took as back to the stone age
We’ve come so far, but we’ve still got work to do. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we can keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/yjSw78	I just sent you $25.00 and will do so every month until the election. We must do everything we can to get you re-elected.
We can’t go back. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we don’t: http://OFA.BO/bdRwLE	@April Smith He did many good things, Obama Care and He did help the economy. He would have done a lot more to help us but Republicans wouldnt let him.
Make sure your friends know they don’t want any part of this Venn diagram: http://OFA.BO/8yHa6P	I wish I could let some of my friends see this, but some of them are completely LOST
Gov. Chris Christie is endorsing Mitt Romney at the Republican National Convention tonight. Share this if you think America can do better than Team Not-Quite-Last-Place.	it really is too bad that you make NO SENSE...but you are full of NONSENSE!!!!
Made in the USA and all purchases go toward re-electing the President—take a look around the Obama 2012 store and use the code “gear up” to get 20% off everything: http://OFA.BO/q7RZrg	Well, at least you know the money for the Obama campaign is coming from the 99% rather than the 1% when you support him by buying from this store.
“I'm inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart. They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better. And they make me want to be a better man.”—President Obama	President Obama I personally respect everything you are doing for the country.Hope to see you in next term you have my vote.
Mitt Romney directly enlisted himself in the birther movement this morning: "No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate. They know this is the place I was born." Get the President's back. Stand with him in this election—and against false, divisive attacks: http://OFA.BO/Txr9aB	Prove all of them wrong...Just show them the birth certificate. This is only a big deal because of the way YOU have handled it.
Worth sharing: President Obama’s education plan is making college more affordable. Use our education calculator to see the savings -> http://OFA.BO/fALWn6	We need to protect the future of our children. Eduction, jobs and affordable housing...keep up the good work, my vote is yours. 
Share this image so your friends know what’s at stake for students this fall.	this is so true, I owe a lot to Obama cause I wouldn't have made it through my last semester of college without this!
Last chance to go to the Democratic National Convention as Michelle’s guest and meet the President—airfare included: http://OFA.BO/FeTKMt	I would love to meet the president but I want to earn it.
The President enjoys a meal with supporters. http://OFA.BO/ZYqMY1	And the supporters enjoy a meal with him too. <3<3<3
Mitt Romney's asking Americans to put him in charge of their taxes, while refusing to come clean about his own. Call for him to follow decades of precedent and release his tax returns—add your name: http://OFA.BO/Rd4gms	Mittens is asking us to be in charge of our taxes, yet he won't disclose his own...  Hmmmnnn...
President Obama is fighting to protect women’s health—say you’ll stand with him: http://OFA.BO/DqH8an	He is not protecting Womens health. Wake up people
Share this image if you agree that we need to invest in clean energy that’s made right here in America.	Yes Sir, we do need energy made in this Country.
Download the new (and free!) Obama smartphone app to get campaign news, updates on events near you, and voting info—right on your iPhone or Android: http://OFA.BO/ZRQfoD	Updates on voting! You mean the military vote you are trying to block.
Share this image so your friends and family know the choice we face on Medicare this fall.	Is this what you want for our parents and all the elderly?$300 a month more in out of pocket?  Oh yeah, they can eat cat food again 
Show a little muscle this election season—this tank top is 25% off with the code VOTEOBAMA: http://OFA.BO/zjfSXn	Show a little muscle in the office barack!
“I don’t think your boss should get to control the health care that you get.I don’t think insurance companies should control the care that you get.I don’t think politicians should control the care that you get.I think there's one person to make these decisions on health care, and that is you.”—President Obama on women’s health	No you think that the federal government should control the care that I get. No thanks!
Team U.S.A. is leading the Track & Field medal count—and there's more to be proud of at home. Share if you're proud of our athletes at home and abroad.	There is nothing to be proud of, when the country has the biggest number of athletes
This morning, we learned that for the third month in a row, we've been outraised by the other side in this race. Help close the gap—pitch in $5 now, and ask a friend to do the same: http://OFA.BO/UUR46p	Care to expand this chart out to the left and show how long, and by how much the disparity was in the other direction?
Share this if you're particularly proud of the U.S.A. gymnastics program this week.	Well done mr President.Yes i am proud of the gymnastics program of this week
Good news: As of July, the economy has added private-sector jobs for 29 straight months—for a total of 4.5 million jobs during that period. But we've got more work to do. Stand with President Obama to keep up this progress: http://OFA.BO/uaTtqr	Really, then why can't I find one of these 4.5 million jobs that were supposedly created over the last 2 years?
The U.S.A. swim program has a lot of reasons to be proud this week—here are a few more.	Congrats! Michael Phelps is unique and a great inspiration...just wanting to be the first Michael Phelps ;o)
"Life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to do your small part to leave our children—all of our children—a better world." —President Obama. Pitch in $5 or more before tomorrow's fundraising deadline to help make sure we keep moving forward—not back: http://OFA.BO/RiAbEo	Imma gonna try to be a Repub: "Life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to...  leave our children—all of our children..." —President Obama.
This weekend of action meant a few new faces for Obama for America - Florida.	Maybe they should pay me for making a trip to the polls in novemeber and for advertising in my front yard
With just 100 days til the election, it's all hands on deck. Sign up now to help win this thing: http://OFA.BO/HXoDYq	This is going to be incredibly close.Could come down to a field goal in the last 2 seconds!
Share the news if you’re glad to see youth soccer programs growing thanks to the Obama administration.	You can always do the world a favour and it's free. Just change soccer to football.
Bumper stickers—get yours here: http://OFA.BO/C2VbNT	Ohio is yours sir, Semper Fi.
Fired up in Virginia.	fire us up way up here in Maine!
Like and share this if you've got the President's back.	like and share this does the president have our back or congress
He’s fighting for American families—join him: http://OFA.BO/JcTmR5	fighting for us please <3 midile east
A warm welcome from a fellow ice cream fan in Cedar Rapids today.	a warm welcome shaking a red headed girls hand
The news today: Romney and Republicans outraised us in June—and that's not even including money to pro-Romney super PACs. We're building our campaign the right way—with small donations from grassroots supporters like you. Help close the gap by chipping in $3 now: http://OFA.BO/uvDKgP	I garuntee if obama put 90% of his campaign funds into charities that helped americas working poor, he would by far win the election. 
The guy on the left made $100 million in June. Help the guy on the right protect the progress we’ve made: http://OFA.BO/3oVsHu	The guy on the left I don't/won't trust... the guy on the right is the ONLY wise choice!
Happy Fourth of July, everyone!	Happy Fourth of July, Mr President!
Supporters like you have driven this campaign from the beginning, and how we move forward is up to you. Take our quick survey to weigh in: http://OFA.BO/Wb6AG3	We can define our own lives not by what happens to us, but by how we respond. We can choose to carry on, and make a difference in the world.”lol
A must-read article on Mitt Romney's record of outsourcing jobs overseas: http://OFA.BO/sYdqBQ	A must-read article on Mitt Romney's record of outsourcing jobs overseas lol.GBU
President Obama signs one of Luz’s drawings during her family’s visit to the White House.	It's the look of "sign buddy, this will be worth millions by the time I'm 80!" look. priceless!
What does change mean to you? Share your answer by taking a photo, making some art, or recording a video: http://OFA.BO/bcQrFJ	This is a serious question and the majority of you are a disgrace to America.Don't even waste your time commenting if your NOT serious.
President Obama speaks to a full house in Des Moines, Iowa.	Agreed the Democrats must win this election with a majority in the house to keep the Country moving forward.
Obama for America - Virginia's Team Stafford were fired up to get folks registered, with clipboards at the ready. Get the facts on what you need to vote in your own community: http://OFA.BO/1PBGmN	You Guys are the greatest! I stand with you in your resolve to give Barack a second term!
Ann and Barack at his high school graduation.	This is simply amazing. From graduating from high school to president.
Ann Dunham said her son “can do anything he ever wants in the world, even be president of the United States.”	Pretty and smart!Little did  she know what she was saying would someday be our history.President Obama has his mother's smile.
Horseback-riding.	Pretty and smart!Little did  she know what she was saying would someday be our history.President Obama has his mother's smile.
Ann, Barack, and Stanley, his grandfather, in the 1970s.	President Obama in his gorpy ore-teen years. 
President Obama and the First Lady onstage together at the first rally of 2012.	Looks like everyone was in Columbus to see President Obama and First Lady Michelle.  Lots of people fired up and ready to go!
First Lady Michelle Obama introducing the President: "If we want to keep on moving forward, then we need to work our hearts out for the man that I have the pleasure of introducing here today."	The Obamas are going to need every last one of us come November....Are You In ?
President Obama at the podium.	I believed in your vision for America and the world at large, In you lie the future for a greater America.
President Obama in Columbus today, kicking off the first rally of this campaign	Whish you all of the Luck. Looking out for the second term.
"We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America."—Barack Obama	If this is true, the wealthy are also part of the United States. Stop axtively resenting their successes in order to put all classes of Americans back to work!!
Check out a new timeline showing three years of progress for the LGBT community—from anti-bullying campaigns to the repeal of “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell.” Then share it with your friends: http://OFA.BO/Hfe7C7	These are all steps in the right direction...but it's NOT enough. It's time to push for full and equal rights, INCLUDING marriage, for ALL LGBT people.
By all accounts, it was a good dinner. Make sure you put your name in the hat for the next chance to have dinner with the President: http://OFA.BO/VMH4dG	what a great set of photos, they look so relaxed.  They can come to dinner at my house any time they want.
The Obamas introduce themselves to Mitch, whose wife, Judy, won two spots at the table.	Nice for the president and first lady to reach out to their supporters in this way! It shows they care. They have my full support!
A look around the table: Bob and ReGina, John and Cathleen, Michelle and Barack, and Judy and Mitch.	So down to earth!Love this photo and shows how in touch First Lady Michelle and Mr. President Barack Obama are.
John and Cathleen get a solid round of laughs from the President and First Lady.	What I like best is the way the love between Barak and Michelle shows through in a casual way, like his arm aound her at the table.
The First Lady is a self-proclaimed “hugger,” as winner ReGina’s father found out for himself.	What a hugg, by Michelle she is for real, love her.
Take a tour of the new Barack Obama Facebook timeline to see the story of this president and this organization as told from the very beginning.	well considering he is the first black president, and i am a black man...then we have the same date of birth.
Students lined up around the block to get into the Greater Together Student Summit.	Anyone going to the White people for Romney rally next week?
Sometimes a hoodie takes on a story of its own: http://OFA.BO/N1GCWT	I see a Woman's love for her Child and Vice versa!...The logo is just the Icing on the Cake!...;)
Class is in session in Orlando with Obama for America - Florida, and there's never a dull moment.	Where are the Obama for America - Vermont photos?  Is there a group yet?
If you’ve been feeling stylish or just plain spirited in your Obama 2012 gear, we’d like to make you famous (at least by internet standards). Submit a photo of yourself with your favorite piece of the campaign for a chance to be featured on BarackObama.com: http://OFA.BO/Jjur3L	Is like to take a pic of the friend's couch I'm sleeping on and post it on boehner's page... Out of work over a year, and lost my house.... 
Need a chili recipe for tonight? Try this one, from the Obamas. Then share your pick to win the big game: http://OFA.BO/GbRXc2	Did I just get a chili recipe from the President?
Responsible homeowners could save $3,000 a year on their mortgages under President Obama's new home refinancing plan. Get the facts: http://OFA.BO/B3m8ni	Responsible home owners don't take out loans they can't afford to pay all the terms of
“I know we will overcome. I know there are better days ahead. Let us keep striving, let us keep struggling, let us keep climbing to that promised land of a nation and a world that is more fair and more just.”—President Obama speaking at the dedication of the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial on October 16, 2011	more like...let us keep making the same mistakes, because most of MLK jr.'s speeches still apply today
“I was just thinking that here we are having a meal with him—it’s a sign that we have a connection, that he’s listening to what we think is important. He did say that he really enjoys these meals and that he really looks forward to them. You could tell.”—Kathie, one of the President’s guests for Dinner with Barack	a meal with Obama will be interesting, got so many questions to ask. my vote, still thinking about it.
Scott, Valarie, Kathie, and Bill—four campaign supporters who won our recent Dinner with Barack contest—share a meal with President Obama.	Good for them! I would have loved to have won that and shared dinner with our great president.
Mitt Romney claimed this morning that he created more jobs in Massachusetts as governor "than this president's created in the entire country." This chart shows the reality of President Obama's strong record on job creation—21 straight months of it. Share it with your friends to get the truth out.	blah, blah, blah...if Obama's record is so stellar - why did he have to create a "jobs stimulus" program.  This is your last year and term...enjoy it while you can.
From all of us on the campaign, thanks for an amazing 2011—and here's to a great 2012.	Happy New Year, and looking forward to 4 more years of President Obama, a man for the people!
Matt Romney says his dad Mitt will release his tax returns "as soon as" President Obama releases his birth certificate. Guess he hasn't seen our mugs?	Why would you even be on here if you don't support Obama??He showed his birth certificate already.GET A LIFE!!!
President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wish you a merry Christmas, with a special message of thanks to the military families being reunited this holiday.	Thanks a million Mr and Mrs POTUS, wishing u the very best of the season.My regards to Obamalets.
Get to know the first-ever national standards to reduce mercury and other toxic air pollution: http://OFA.BO/gBa7k5	I could have the best job in the world and air quality would still be important to me. Just saying.
Families don’t always agree—especially when it comes to politics. So here are some tips for talking to yours about joining the 2012 campaign—just in time for the holidays.	When it comes to my family, we are all on the same page when it come to President Obama.  We will be voting for him in 2012...Yes we will!!!!! 
Today marks the one-year anniversary of President Obama signing the bill to repeal “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” http://OFA.BO/9eKnDh	I would be much happier if this photo was of president Obama signing the veto of the NDAA of 2012.
President Obama announced a once-in-a-generation step forward for the environment and public health today—the first-ever national standards to limit mercury, arsenic, and other toxic air pollution from power plants.	But, these regulations will limit freedom of companies to destroy the planet and living things, and will take away jobs....
President Obama spoke to reporters after Republicans in the House of Representatives voted to once again block an extension of the payroll tax cut.	I say let's vote to block them from ever being majority in the house...EVER!!! 
Emily, a college student from Nebraska, explains how President Obama's work for health care reform affects her life every day.	Paul, a college student from California, explains how President Obama's work for civil liberties disappoints him every day.
With our remaining troops returning from Iraq before the end of the year, learn how the President is working to support our veterans once they’re home.	Thank you to Obama and his administration for bringing our troops home!!!!!!
This week, news broke that the Affordable Care Act has already helped even more Americans than expected. Our new infographic takes a by-the-numbers look at how the ACA is helping millions of young people and seniors: http://OFA.BO/QuS7PW	4 more years would run this country all the way into the ground NObama I think he has done enough to this country already
Quote of the day: “No words, no ceremony can provide full tribute to the sacrifices that have brought this day to pass.” - Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, on the end of the war in Iraq	this is not the end of the war, EEUU will put his nose in iraq till they have the oil there...
With our remaining troops in Iraq heading home in time for the holidays, President Obama thanked troops at Fort Bragg today for their service.While the war may be ending, the President’s commitment to servicemembers and their families is as strong as ever.	Anyone that doesn't like the troops coming home from Iraq then should go in their place--that includes McCain-Cheney and the other idiots.
Quote of the day: "And in the quiet of night, you will recall that your heart was once touched by fire. You will know that you answered when your country called; you served a cause greater than yourselves; you helped forge a just and lasting peace with Iraq, and among all nations. I could not be prouder of you, and America could not be prouder of you." - President Obama at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, honoring combat veterans coming home from Iraq	America could be a lot prouder of them actually. I support the armed forces, but Iraq was just not a good move no matter how you look at it.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 2.5 million young Americans have gained health insurance—more than double the original estimate of 1 million young people helped: http://OFA.BO/bPMFt8	I'd like to point out, that the 2.5 million are on their parent's insurance. Not on welfare or being paid for by the taxpayers.
Quote of the day: "A new day is upon us. And let us never forget those who gave us this chance—the untold number of Iraqis who've given their lives; more than one million Americans, military and civilian, who have served in Iraq; nearly 4,500 fallen Americans who gave their last full measure of devotion; tens of thousands of wounded warriors, and so many inspiring military families." - President Obama on the end of the Iraq war	Give thanks for the courage of all our heroes, in every war & military action that has allowed true democracy to flourish, that all people may be free!
Wondering how the middle class has fared over the last 50 years—and what President Obama plans to do about it?	Leave small businesses alone and us middle class will do just fine.  It wasn't until you Dems started raising taxes all over the place that the middle class has suffered.
After making a press statement today, President Obama was asked what his reaction is to Republican presidential candidates who accuse him of "appeasement" in his approach to foreign policy. Here was his response.	He delivered that response like a BOSS. "Ask Osama how my foreign policy felt after his brains hit the floor"
What would President Obama’s middle-class tax cut of $1,500 mean for you? Let us know in the comments.	I would worry less about fronting more money for taxes in the spring. It would help to start a savings account.
Quote of the day: "A strong middle class can only exist in an economy where everyone plays by the same rules, from Wall Street to Main Street." –President Obama speaking today in Osawatomie, Kansas	Let show the certain effort to convince me the  middle class in an economy can be strong
Quote of the day: "A year ago at this time, both parties came together to cut payroll taxes for the typical American family by about $1,000.But as soon as this year ends, so does that tax cut.	no just the tax cuts for the upper one percent because they have worked tirelessly for the past 20 years creating jobs - well in China but they are jobs
Quote of the day: “[W]e can end this pandemic. We can beat this disease. We can win this fight. We just have to keep at it, steady, persistent—today, tomorrow, every day until we get to zero.” – President Obama speaking on World AIDS Day. Who are you supporting today? http://OFA.BO/stCyzC	We have the desire to win this fight I hope we have the will to see it through
But I’m already filled with the Christmas spirit … I want to give them a chance to redeem themselves.So as early as Friday … we’re going to give them a chance to take a simple vote on these tax cuts." - President Obama on Congress' upcoming vote on extending the payroll tax cut	To the stupid ones he is trying to cut tax not make them go up get it in  your head come on Mr President make this happen 
President Obama just announced who he's bringing as his guest for Dinner with Barack: Michelle Obama. Throw your name in the hat today to join them.	I would love to go with my son who is in the air force.He has done three tours overseas.He is my hero.
Since we launched this campaign back in April, grassroots fundraisers have inspired thousands of people to join it. This week, reach out to your friends, family, and networks to help build this organization.	Thinking about having an Obama for America office at the Telegram Newspaper Bldg.  We have to work to get more people registered to vote.
Enter today for your chance to bring a guest to dinner with President Obama.	I shouldn't have to pay my President (like a raffle-ticket) to have the chance to win a dinner with him.  Just sayin'.
Quote of the day: “Barney’s passion and his quick wit will be missed in the halls of Congress, and Michelle and I join the people of the Bay State in thanking him for his years of service.” – President Obama on Rep. Barney Frank’s retirement	So sorry to see a thinking man leave the Halls of Congress and one who had a mind of his own and put Country first.
President Obama brought Sasha and Malia to a D.C. bookstore on Saturday to support local businesses and get a head start on their Christmas shopping.	Next stop the library to check out books, downloadables, and other resources for school and play to support public services and local and national businesses!
Raise a glass to the new year with our Obama 2012 glasses.	may B.O be a good inspiration to all over the world and specially to the people like me!
“Through events such as Small Business Saturday, we keep our local economies strong and help maintain an American economy that can compete and win in the 21st century.”—President Obama in a statement supporting Small Business Saturday. Join the President in supporting small businesses by shopping at your favorite local stores today.	I am in support small business always in this tough economy and in support of you Mr. President.
Get golf balls with our rising sun logo for the golfer in your life.	Will this CHANGE my golf game for the better?
This Thanksgiving, we're celebrating the progress we’ve made over the past three years. What are you most thankful for? http://OFA.BO/uGWK85	I thought we were celebrating the progress made over the past 400 years.
Support the campaign today, and you could have the chance to tell President Obama what you're thankful for—in person.	I know you better be telling the President to speak on the #OWS!  That's what I'd be thankful for!
Quote of the day: “There is a profound sense of frustration about the fact that the essence of the American dream—which is if you work hard, if you stick to it, that you can make it—feels like that’s slipping away.And it’s not the way things are supposed to be.	What a joke. The frustration is mainly due to YOU Mr. President! Do you actually believe anything you say?
Quote of the day: "When push comes to shove, are you willing to fight as hard for working families as you are for the wealthiest Americans?" - President Obama challenges Congress to extend and expand payroll tax cuts while speaking in Manchester, NH about the American Jobs Act	YES I am willing to fight for the working families but not for the wealthiest,they take take take from the poor & we have nothing in return,
Obama for America - Ohio volunteers delivered 166,481 additional signatures today to the Secretary of State's office to protect early voting.	Got to watch them for the following election
Mike, who served in Vietnam, explains what the legislation President Obama signed into law today will mean for his fellow veterans and their families.	I must to say than: Mr. Barack Obama is the first influence president but not the best... I wait for something for him in the woldwide. Ok
Quote of the day: “My message to every member of Congress is 'keep going.' Keep working. Keep finding more ways to put partisanship aside and put more Americans back to work.” – President Obama at a signing ceremony for the VOW to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, a jobs bill to put America’s unemployed veterans back to work	"Keep finding more ways to put partisanship aside and put more Americans back to work.”  - Shouldn't this be "START finding more . . ."
Today is Vice President Joe Biden's birthday—and we’re wishing him a happy one: http://OFA.BO/JfjQyN	I too wish him a very Happy Birthday.
In honor of conspiracy theorists everywhere, we're re-releasing the campaign's limited-edition "Made in the USA" mugs.	In honor of conspiracy theorists?  What about honoring the President of the United States?
This Sunday is Vice President Joe Biden's birthday. Join us in wishing him a happy one: http://OFA.BO/Ft6XCH	This Sunday is my birthday, too.  I'd love it if Mr. VP could wish me a happy one as I wish it for him.  =)
Our new infographic takes a look at the impact the GOP's proposed Balanced Budget Amendment could have on you. Scheduled for a vote this week and endorsed by Mitt Romney and his fellow Republican candidates, the amendment could force cuts in everything from education to Medicare.	but how come it took a election year for ss to get a cost of living raise mr. democrat
Quote of the day: “As it has been for six decades, our alliance is going to be indispensable to our shared future, the security we need and the prosperity that we seek not only in this region but around the world.” – President Obama talking about the long-standing alliance between the U.S. and Australia at a press conference with Prime Minister Julia Gillard	The only country to fight every war alongside the US no matter how much international scrutiny.......my hat's off to you Australia
A few days ago, one of our Obama for America – Colorado volunteers called up an ’08 supporter in Denver, and they had the millionth one-on-one conversation of this campaign. Campaign Manager Jim Messina explains what that means—and why our opponents won’t have this kind of grassroots enthusiasm.	The country needs a 'one-on-one' with Obama so that he can explain why he has not come through on SO MANY things we were led to believe would change.
Across the country, Women for Obama are stepping up to organize in our communities. Join Women for Obama today: http://OFA.BO/26UjGU	Sorry daughter, he's on his way out. Whoever get's in must help this job situation.
Quote of the day: “So make no mistake about it, you all represent the very best this country has to offer.And that is my goal, to make sure that everyone in this country understands that.	I sure wish that you represented the very best this country has to offer!
This week, we're officially rolling out Women for Obama. Why are you in for 2012?	i'm thinking in the here and now.  what are you in for presently for the OCCUPATION?
Quote of the day: “We’ve taken incredible steps to reduce health care costs and improve care, but we can’t wait to do more.” – Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announcing the Health Care Innovation Challenge today: http://OFA.BO/Haos5d	I just wish they would take in consideration that even with the reduced health costs Health care is still too much for the poor.
Let our new t-shirt do the talking—spread the message that we can’t wait to start organizing while going door to door in your neighborhood.	I thought we didn't have to wait for change last time we voted for Barack. Seems to me this new slogan is a slap in the face.
Since taking office, President Obama has proven his commitment to strengthening our military and supporting our veterans. Here’s a by-the-numbers look at how the President has taken action to support our vets.	Yes, and ;you will note...nothing of the kind from a previous administration that tried to do it on the cheap...except, of course, for their mercenaries....
Quote of the day: “To all our nation’s veterans: Whether you fought in Salerno or Samarra, Khe Sanh or the Korengal, you are part of an unbroken chain of men and women who have served this country with honor and distinction.On behalf of a proud and grateful nation, we thank you.” – President Obama honoring our nation’s veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.	I want to thank all the veterans and all those serving now.  You are the reason that we have the liberty and freedoms we have in this country today.
Yesterday’s Senate vote is good news for families like Kara’s. “My husband has been in active duty since August, and I’m praying he gets to keep his job when he comes back in July,” she says.	That doesnt make sense, if he is active, that is his job, if he got "activated" then he already would keep his job when he comes back, by law. 
Four years ago today…	I was there four years ago, where you?
The GOP debate is starting in 45 minutes—now’s the time to choose which words you think the candidates will say most, and put your money where their mouth is: http://OFA.BO/1uxj4w	Maybe it's time that you put the money where your mouth is Mr. President!  It's time you stopped playing politics and looked at this economy seriously instead of pandering.
“My absolute favorite part of the job is our volunteers. I was in Nevada this weekend for the weekend of action, and to see our volunteers have such enthusiasm and such commitment one year out—if that doesn’t get you fired up to go to work every day, I don’t know what will.” – Marlon, Obama 2012 Deputy National Field Director	I'm here still waiting for campign office to contact me for the Where and When we are going to Volunteer and what section of town. Got Your Back 2012 Obama+Biden!
Tomorrow, the Senate votes on tax cuts for businesses that hire veterans. Tell your Republican legislators that veterans can’t wait for jobs—call the Congressional switchboard at (202) 224-3121, then let us know how it went.	Are you not the least bit worried that businesses will get rid of employees so they can replace them with returning veterans so they can get the tax cuts?
Quote of the day: “By standing with teachers and firefighters and cops, Ohio has sent a loud and clear message that will be heard all across the country: The middle class will no longer be trampled on. The people of Ohio are to be congratulated." –Vice President Biden last night on the defeat of Issue 2 in Ohio	Great stuff!.....let's send the same message to Gov. Christie  of NJ....we are tired of his attacks on our police, fire, teachers, and middle class!
Congratulations to volunteers and organizers across the country on your great work today—a special shout-out to Obama for America - Ohio for defeating Issue 2 and protecting collective bargaining rights for Ohio workers.	It is a victory to the middle and working class! This will enable better collective bargaining for all the middle and working class workers
President Obama announced new executive actions today aimed at helping America’s veterans find jobs. Let the President know you stand with him in serving those who serve our country: http://OFA.BO/HPSHLL	It anyone deserves this, it's those who have put their lives on hold to service in the military.
President Obama announced new initiatives today that will help veterans get back to work, including 200,000 unemployed veterans who served after 9/11.They’ll also have access to “My Next Move,” a website to connect veterans looking for work with employers looking to hire veterans.	Yeah, but most importantly, will they have a home and mobile access to be able to utilize this?
We're exactly one year away from Election Day, and it's time to kick up our organizing efforts on the ground. So we're launching a new interactive calendar to keep you in the loop from now until November 6th, 2012.	Seems like a cool dude.But no one can get this country back on track in 4 yrs.Bomb the middle east.
What if President Obama isn’t re-elected on November 6th, 2012?	Will not happen...you will be re-elected
Three years ago, Barack Obama was elected President of the United States. Watch a video we put together with highlights from election night 2008 and the last three years—then commit to be a volunteer for 2012.	Yes he was - and a year from now, he will be elected again for another term<3
President Obama isn’t waiting for Congress to act—that’s why he’s taking steps right now to help homeowners, students, and veterans.	We are still waiting for you to take charge.
Analogy challenge: This week, Senator Mitch McConnell said that President Obama’s jobs bill “has one purpose: to divide us.” Help us complete this sentence: Calling a jobs bill "divisive" is like ...	calling a jobs bill "divisive" is like saying the jobs are the root of all evil.
Are you a student working to improve the lives of folks on your campus or in your community? The White House wants to recognize your efforts.	a student working to improve the lives of folks on your campus?  you mean like the guy who deals weed?
“President Obama's aid to students includes making loans easier to pay off, which means I can take more on my own and put less on my parents to pay. That way, they'll have more left to pay for my brothers' education, and possibly even afford to own a home someday sooner.” – Bri, a student at Carnegie Mellon, on how President Obama’s student loan reforms will help her	This is going to help soooo many people.I am a student myself and putting this cap on will help ease some of that stress of paying your loans off
Earlier today, Senate Republicans voted to block another component of the President’s job plan. The Rebuild America Jobs Act would have put construction workers back on the job rebuilding our country’s roads, rails, and airports. Let Congress know we can’t wait for action on jobs: http://OFA.BO/Un3Mu9	Shame of them! they really don't want to support Obama and they don't care if we the people have a job or don't.
Phil has been part of this movement as a volunteer, a community organizer, and a regional field director in Philadelphia.	Wtf?Gas hasn't been 1.83/gallon for a decade.
Quote of the day: “I've been in Washington 35 years ... and I've never seen a time when people have put their own personal political feelings over how we can get the economy moving.” – Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood commenting on Republican obstruction of investments in infrastructure projects that would put thousands of Americans to work	Why would the republicans want to help in creating jobs, when their agenda is to finish breaking the back of not only the middle class, but of ALL the 99%ers.
Quote of the day: “The single most effective thing we can do to get the global economy growing faster is to get the U.S. economy growing faster. That’s why my highest priority is putting Americans back to work.” – President Obama in an op-ed in today’s Financial Times about leading the response to the global economic crisis	“The single most effective thing we can do to get the global economy growing faster is to LEGALIZE MARIJUANA"
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow will stop the team at Obama for America – Colorado from registering voters. Volunteer to bring people into the political process in your own community: http://OFA.BO/A2gucS	helping the other guy! i like it...another 4 yrs of obamanomics and polictardation from his administration will be the jugger not around our american throats!
Today, President Obama announced two major steps to reform student loans—and there’s a good chance they will help you or someone you know.	what if you're struggling to pay back your student loans? and aren't making the money you should be for your education?
Quote of the day: “Keep in mind, college isn’t just one of the best investments you can make in your future. It’s one of the best investments America can make in our future.” – President Obama speaking in Denver today about the steps he is taking to further reform our student loan system	If College is he best investmen America can make in our future. shouldnt the Government pay for college and should make university a right for everyone?
Become a part of a collaborative effort to tell the story of this campaign: submit something to our new Obama 2012 Tumblr.	It would be a great 'human interest' added to the trip AND he would get the votes of animal lovers across the US!
It's a big moment: 1,000,000 people have chosen to own a piece of this movement. Thank you.	lol 1,000,000 people have chosen to own a piece of the "movement" hehehe
President Obama has a message for you as we approach the remarkable milestone of 1 million donors to this campaign.	Wow, Now how about you make a remarkable milestone and have 1 million donors donate to the poor and unfortunate???
"It is precisely because Dr. King was a man of flesh and blood and not a figure of stone that he inspires us so. His life, his story, tells us that change can come if you don’t give up. He would not give up, no matter how long it took, because in the smallest hamlets and the darkest slums, he had witnessed the highest reaches of the human spirit."—President Obama, speaking this morning at the dedication of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial	No matter how rough and tough the process of change shall take but surely somebosy will have a last laugh at the end of the tunnel
Lilla first joined the campaign in 2007. “Since then, I've just kept organizing, became a regional field organizer, and then a regional field director about a year and a half ago," she says.	how long was Obama a Regional Field Organizer before he became "The Organizer"
Quote of the day: "The world has lost a visionary. And there may be no greater tribute to Steve's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented." —President Obama tonight on the passing of Steve Jobs	That is what I was going to say on Ellen's Page...That is the first place I learned of his passing...RIP  Steve Jobs.
Quote of the day: “You want to be commander in chief? You can start by standing up for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States, even when it’s not politically convenient.” —President Obama speaking at the Human Rights Campaign National Dinner on Saturday	Mr. President, you have not stood up for the men and women in uniform until you started to campaign.
Quote of the day: "Here's what I understand: That as long as all of us are together, as long as we are all committed, then there's nothing we can't do."—Barack Obama	As long as all 27 of you are together, you'll always be out of touch.
Quote of the day: "With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs.I'm going to press on for equality.I'm going to press on for the sake of our children.I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now." —President Obama at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Annual Dinner Saturday night	With patient and firm determination, we the people will be pressing for you to say No to the Keystone XL Pipeline
Quote of the day: “Peace is hard, but we know that it is possible. So, together, let us be resolved to see that it is defined by our hopes and not by our fears. Together, let us make peace, but a peace, most importantly, that will last.” – President Obama speaking at the United Nations	I have lost faith in a president that supports the will of only the people who will get him re-elected. I am ashamed of your speech today mr. President. 
Together, we’ve fought hard for equal rights for LGBT Americans, and the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is only one example of the progress we've achieved. See what else we’ve accomplished over the past three years.	those of you that have deemed this "less important" than other issues-- was the civil rights movement (which had a HUGE effect on our nation) unimportant too?
Quote of the day: “Today, every American can be proud that we have taken another great step toward keeping our military the finest in the world and toward fulfilling our nation’s founding ideals.” —President Obama in a statement today marking the end of "Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell"	And, perhaps one day ALL healthy Americans can serve the country in the military.  The day is not here, but this is one big step in that direction.
Today, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is officially over.Millions of Americans fought hard to end this law over the course of nearly two decades, and President Obama is proud to have signed the repeal.Watch a video about some of the people affected by this law—then share it with friends and family.	I feel better and know I could help in this journey. We had a setting where most of the Divine Law men.
Quote of the day: "It isn't class warfare, it's math." —President Obama, announcing a proposed Buffett Rule today to ask millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share of taxes.	If we tax the rich, they will lay off people to make up the difference of the taxes
Save Ohio Early Vote—September 2011	We need a revolution!Ron Paul 2012
Quote of the day: "Give me a win? This isn't about giving me a win. This isn't about giving Democrats or Republicans a win. This is about giving the American people a win."– President Obama today in Columbus, Ohio, speaking about the American Jobs Act	this is about giving the US people a win.... yes u can!!!!!!
Quote of the day: “Make it personal. I think one big reason people pitched in through my page was because they saw how passionate I was and they wanted to help me.” – Danielle, a grassroots organizer, shares her top grassroots fundraising tips: http://OFA.BO/dpqFu4	It's personal to me--I'm Canadian and stuck in the US, so I may as well make it a better place now that I'm here!!!!
Quote of the day: “The right to organize and collectively bargain is a fundamental American value.Since its beginnings in our country, organized labor has raised our living standards and built our middle class.	Thanks to the unions for making all of our work life.. and all of our lives better.
There is work to be done.There are workers ready to do it.And that's why I expect Congress to act immediately.”—President Obama, calling on Congress to act before the current transportation bill expires at the end of September	Anything you "expect" congress to do, plan for them to do the opposite.
Austin won’t be 18 in time for the 2012 election—but that only inspires him to work harder for the campaign.	desperate to the support for this next one aren't you
Quote of the day: "As today’s wars end, as our troops come home, we’re reminded once more of our responsibilities to all who have served. The bond between our forces and our citizens must be a sacred trust. And for me and my administration, upholding that trust is not just a matter of policy, it is not about politics; it is a moral obligation." – President Obama in his address to the American Legion today	When there is no threat and serving each and every in a world of peace  then who is your moral obligation too.
Quote of the day: “As we celebrate the legacy of those who made enormous strides in the last century and before, we renew our commitment to hold true to the dreams for which they fought, and we look forward to a bright future for our nation's daughters.” – President Obama, in a proclamation for Women’s Equality Day. Join us at Women for Obama for a discussion of what women's equality means in the 21st century.	...yes & thanks,..because,...time essence is moving forward,...& i like to put some 'history',..finished for the most part to say the least,...
With less than a month remaining until “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” ends once and for all, we asked what this moment means to you. With more than 10,000 comments, we pulled out some of our favorite responses. http://OFA.BO/5TQtYo	Its taken too long for this nonsense to be lifted. Your personal choices are YOURS no one has the right to say different
Quote of the day: "Five months after the disaster, while there is still clearly a long way to go, you have made remarkable progress: schools are beginning to re-open, businesses are coming back, homes are being rebuilt."—Vice President Biden during his visit to Sendai, Japan, one of the areas hit hardest by the tsunami in March.	Maybe we need to get that taken care of in Louisiana and the southern states that were hit by Katrina.
In July, Council Bluffs was hit with severe flooding. Obama for America - Iowa summer organizer Laura held a Day of Action to fill sandbags and make sandwiches for volunteers.	Nothing like a natural disaster to bring out the best in people.... Bring out the Best Foods / Helmmans, and bring out the best
As Hurricane Irene heads towards the East Coast, the White House has put together a list of resources to help you stay prepared and informed.	He has spoken...please listen for all of our sake. He knows all and will guide us down the right path.
Quote of the day: "The United States is hard-wired for innovation. Openness, free exchange of ideas, free enterprise, and liberty are among the reasons why the United States, in my view, is at this moment the wealthiest nation in the history of the world.” –Vice President Biden in China, speaking about America’s ability to compete in international markets.	How is the wealthiest nation in the world trillions of dollars in debt? If the USA was a person it would be living on the street
Less than 30 days from now, on September 20th, “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” will end once and for all and gay men and women will be able to serve openly in our armed forces. What does this moment mean to you?	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11	Thankful that all our men and women can serve proudly to protect their county.  It took too long but the day is finally coming.
President Obama's nominations for federal judges show an unprecedented commitment to diversity. But the delays facing nominees in the Senate confirmation process are equally unprecedented.	Democrats control the Senate and the delays for federal judge nominees were a LOT longer than under "O".
Quote of the day: “It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens, but we, the whole people, who formed the Union … Men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.” – Susan B. Anthony. Today marks the 91st anniversary of the ratification of the 19th amendment, which granted women the right to vote.	WHAT AN IRONY!!!That the people can not see the efect of the 19th amendment wheb they talk about others!
From organizing in Iraq to campaigning in America, Terron S. tells us how he came to be part of Veterans for Obama.	obama is trying his best based on what he got we all need to rally around him for the sake of the world
Quote of the day: “Don’t bet against America.Don’t bet against our workers.Don’t bet against our businesses.We have gone through tougher times than this before, and we’ve always come out on top.” – President Obama in Illinois today on the final leg of his White House rural jobs tour	I don't.  I Just bet against about YOU!  Not you as a person--you and your family are great--just about what you have (or better yet have't) done in 3 years
Quote of the day: “Today, I’m announcing that we’re ramping up our efforts to get capital to small businesses in rural areas.We’re doubling the commitment we’ve already made through key small business lending programs.	Moving back to Pappalion, Nebraska to take advantage of the business lending program.
We’ve been able to reverse the recession.We’ve added over two million jobs in the private sector over the last 17 months.But we’re not growing it as fast as we need to to drive down the unemployment rate in a significant way and to give people confidence.” – President Obama in Minnesota today	I was happy to read that Warren Buffet wants you to go ahead with the tax increase for the top tier!  We need more people like him in the Congress.
53,025 words—and none of them were “middle class.” Share with your friends: http://OFA.BO/hDhZBM	Funny how "entitlement" and "corporation" were some of the common words....now that's what you call "hogwash"
Mentions of corporations, reality shows, and being "anti-chicken"? Lots. Mentions of the middle class? Zero. Check out our infographic breaking down what the Republican presidential candidates have said in the GOP debates so far—and make sure to share it with anyone who cares about strengthening the middle class.	Obama you have friends all over the world who want you to be president in 2012 of united state of America. God is with you.
We counted 5 backtracks and 2 times the candidates doubled down on past statements. How about you? http://OFA.BO/GOPDebateWatch	This just posted 3 minutes ago and 113 comments....woooooooooooooow
Watching the GOP debate tonight? We’ll be keeping tabs on when the candidates backtrack, when they double down, and what they fail to account for at all. Use our scoreboard to follow the action during the debate and share your favorite reinforcements and reversals with your friends on Facebook or Twitter.	Your fired sir!!! I can not wait for the day you pack your things and move out of the oval office. 
Quote of the day: “To the millions of Muslim Americans across the United States and...It’s an occasion to join with family and friends in celebration of a faith known for its diversity and a commitment to justice and the dignity of all human beings.So to you and your families, Ramadan Kareem.” – President Obama	"a faith known for its diversity and a commitment to justice and the dignity of all human beings"--- what a joke
This week sees the one- and two-year anniversaries of Justice Elena Kagan and Justice Sonia Sotomayor joining the Supreme Court. We're taking the opportunity to honor them and other strong women leaders in public service.	Happy one year anniversary Justice Elena Kagan and and Justice Sonia Sotomayor more power to women role models!!!
Quote of the day: “What the rule of law does is nothing less than to secure for each of us what our Constitution calls ‘the blessings of liberty,’ those rights and freedoms, that promise of equality that have defined this nation since its founding.” – Justice Elena Kagan in the opening statement of her Supreme Court confirmation hearing. Justice Kagan was sworn in a year ago this week. http://OFA.BO/yDL7BF	"The Promise of EQUALITY.....since the FOUNDING of this nation". What about slavery, civil rights, ....etc????? When does she think this nation was founded?
Interested in learning how historic new guidelines in the Affordable Care Act will help women receive preventative care? Check out our infographic.	I hope you can also share with us what guidelines will assist with preventative care for LGBT Americans, many of whom are discriminated against in the health care system.
Quote of the day: "Folks aren’t paying attention to the ins and outs, day-to-day of every single debate that goes on here in Washington.And they know we can do better, and they’re willing to chip in.But they want to make sure that everybody else is chipping in as well." – Barack Obama	what are you going to do to ensure that "everyone chips in?" Ask Congress and the Tea Party? Yeah that's worked great so far.
Quote of the day: "For all of the challenges we face, we continue to have the best universities, some of the most productive workers, the most innovative companies, the most adventurous entrepreneurs on Earth. What sets us apart is that we’ve always not just had the capacity, but also the will to act—the determination to shape our future; the willingness in our democracy to work out our differences in a sensible way and to move forward.” —President Obama	This was true until the Tea Party who have shown they are not willing to work out our differences in a sensible way or any other way for that matter.
Elizabeth, a volunteer from Georgetown, South Carolina, is one of four people who won our 50 for 50 challenge. She brought 50 people into the campaign during our national Day of Action on July 16th, when she and her neighborhood team registered voters in an area of town where few people are signed up to vote.	I challenge Obama to find 50 of his close  friends in Chicago or Wlashington, D. C. that paid their taxes.
Quote of the day: “My concern right now—my singular focus—is the American people.Rebuilding that sense of security the middle class has felt slipping away for years.And helping them recover fully, as families and as communities, from the worst recession that any of us have ever seen.” —President Obama	yes, the worst recession the world has ever seen, all thanks to the US of A.
“It was this summer that I learned not what campaigns can do, but what ordinary people can do.” —Sarah, a summer organizer, on her experience organizing in central Iowa this summer.	I have also learned that there are way too many sheeple in this country. Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Quote of the day: "You know, I feel real good about 5-0.Obviously, I've gotten a little grayer since I took this job, but otherwise I feel pretty good.And Michelle, you know, says that she still thinks I'm cute—and I guess that's all that matters, isn't it?”—President Obama on turning 50 today.	"And Michelle, you know, says that she still thinks I'm cute—and I guess that's all that matters, isn't it?" how sweet *_________*
“I don't know what this amazing group of summer organizers will go on to do. But I do know that wherever they go and whatever they do in the future, this experience will be a part of them—they're a part of the family.” – Sara El-Amine, National Training Director, on the last week of the 2011 Summer Organizer Program.	Mr. President: I want be part of the Summer Organizers but unfortunate I'm in Liberia. How can I join?
Quote of the day: "There’s already a quiet crisis going on in the lives of a lot of families, in a lot of communities, all across the country. They’re looking for work, and they have been for a while; or they’re making do with fewer hours or fewer customers; or they’re just trying to make ends meet… We’ve got to do everything in our power to grow this economy and put America back to work.” – President Obama	Then why are we passing the "debt ceiling" bill, which does the opposite of doing "everything in our power to grow this economy and put America back to work?"
Tomorrow, supporters across the country will be getting together at house meetings to plan local events, strategize about how to grow the campaign in our communities, and talk about how to spread the word about the President’s accomplishments. Laura and Forest, hosts of a house meeting in Virginia, talk about their plans for tomorrow.	I didn't know about the one in Barnstable until just now but would like to attend future House Parties on Cape Cod.
Quote of the day: “[So] many of you wrote, called, emailed and tweeted members of Congress to urge a responsible resolution to this crisis. And I want to thank you for that. The pressure you put on Washington is one of the reasons we finally reached a resolution, and the only way we could.” – President Obama on the debt agreement.	as a life-long Democrat, I urge both sides to help us get back to the "UNITED" States of America instead of the country of RED or BLUE!
Looking for more information about the debt agreement? Our infographic shows what it'll do, in one handy chart.	Many of us are still looking into information from your past. What makes anyone believe your going to give all the information on this?
Get the facts about the debt agreement straight from President Obama. Watch, then pass it on.	after this Debt plan I’m thinking we’re not that far off from competing in the Hunger games.. God help this Country & the world!raise the tax of the rich!!!!!!!!
How will the administration's new fuel efficiency standards help your wallet and our environment? Take a look: http://OFA.BO/p1XH7x	In addition to increasing the yields of a gallon of gas, we also need more mass transit, a better design to our cities, and green energy.
The 50 for 50 challenge to bring 50 new supporters into this campaign ends at midnight tonight. If you accepted the challenge but you're not quite at 50, we've got some tips to help you reach your goal.	How about everyone bring 100 republican voters to the polls?  now that will create the change that you failed to bring!
Earlier this week, a group of Marines in the Wounded Warriors program visited the White House to play a game of basketball. President Obama stopped by the court to thank them for their service and the sacrifices they've made for their country.	President Obama, thank you, for allowing them to come to the White House and to have a relaxing game of some good ole basketball...now, what an honor!!!
Quote of the day: "The American people may have voted for divided government, but they didn't vote for a dysfunctional government.So I'm asking you all to make your voice heard.If you want a balanced approach to reducing the deficit, let your member of Congress know.	ill vote for you if you take on a tour of area 51 and its new sites. also i need to know who shot JFK.
President Obama addressed the National Council of La Raza, the nation's largest Hispanic civil rights organization, this morning. He reiterated his vision for comprehensive immigration reform that will that allow us to remain true to our values as a nation of immigrants and meet our economic and security needs.	Give an immigration reform to the students and the hard working people that want a better life that have no criminal records.
You’ve heard about our summer organizers—amazing volunteer organizers who have stepped up to be the next generation of leaders in this movement.Now we’re recruiting fall fellows to pick up their work and carry it forward in the months to come.Will you apply, or pass this opportunity along to a friend who might be interested?	I will help again with the campaign after I know that my President isn't giving away the farm to republicans to get a debt deal.
Emily F., a volunteer in Iowa, on why she's in: "This is really the people's campaign. Everyone has a fair shake and opportunity to shape this campaign. I cannot imagine not being a part of this."	Ditto! I cannot imagine not being a part of this.
Now, the fight for equal rights moves on. Here's the next front: repealing the so-called Defense of Marriage Act. http://OFA.BO/TvpzmS	But women still would be in the back of the pass. . .heavy sigh.
Yesterday the President certified the repeal of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell." Gays and lesbians will serve their country openly in 60 days.	so, it's ok to be openly gay in the military now?  DADT was put in place to protect gays in the military from discharge.
Today is the one-year anniversary of Wall Street reform. We made a video to give a quick overview of the law, and how it’s already working for you—watch it now, then pass it along.	Obama is a joke. He needs to just gert out of this country right now,step down and resign.
At 5:57 a.m. E.T. this morning, the space shuttle Atlantis touched down, marking the end of the era of American space flight. During their flight, the President spoke with Commander Ferguson and the crew of the mission.	Isn't this the end of a chapter in American spaceflight and not the end of the era of American space flight.
Thanks to everyone who helped make our national Day of Action this past weekend such a big success. Volunteers attended more than 1,100 events across the country, bringing tens of thousands of new supporters into this campaign. That’s a great start—but now we need your help with our next big organizing push on August 3rd.	yes of course, all people in all the word look fowards Obama to hope in the better future , it' s very important
Alex, a summer organizer in Nevada, spent a day last week talking to folks outside the DMV in his community. Hear why he calls the DMV the Department of Meeting Voters.	He is talking to much today his third post in couple of hours may got frightned in dream last night
As we get fired up for the Women's World Cup, we spoke to Katie and Jessica—two soccer fans and Obama 2012 supporters who will be cheering on the team today.	Should be required viewing for republicans - see what can be achieved when you work hard, play fair and work for the goals of the team rather against it.
Back in March, President Obama spoke to a group of students in Massachusetts of all political persuasions about the role of compromise in a democracy. "The nature of our democracy and the nature of our politics is to marry principle to a political process that means you don't get 100% of what you want," the President said.	Compromise is indeed the base of education, as education evolves, so does compromise... This is my interpretation of the presidents mind set listening to His Holiness Dalai Lama
"By all pulling together however we can, we're supporting progress and helping President Obama continue his service to our country." Dave, a long-time Obama supporter, tells us why he's one of the more than 552,000 people who have already invested in the 2012 campaign.	you should profile some of the people who helped your campaign in 08....I would love to see how well you have served them...
Hundreds of thousands of supporters helped raise more than $86 million in this campaign's first three months.That's an important number—but the number we care about most is the number of people like you who have stepped up to be a part of this campaign from the very beginning.Thank you.	I have a problem with the idea there are that many "little people" who contributed that amount in time or money rather than donate it to the local food banks..
Obama 2012 supporters made 680,000 contributions to this campaign in its first three months. And here's something we're pretty incredibly proud of: 98% of all the contributions people sent in were $250 or less. http://OFA.BO/caeoeC	We may be small, but together we can make a huge difference.  Unless of course there was some rule allowing for unlimited corporate campaign contributions ....
Over the last three months, organizers and volunteers have reached out to reconnect with more than 290,000 supporters in all 50 states. Nearly 31,000 of these were one-on-one, face-to-face conversations. http://OFA.BO/xbh1ZA	"Nearly 31,000 of these were one-on-one, face-to-face conversations."  Really? don't they have anything else to do this summer than waste their time?
We're filing this campaign's first financial report with the Federal Election Commission on Friday. But because you own this campaign, you deserve to hear the news first. Jim Messina has recorded a video briefing to share what we've raised, how we're spending it, and what's next.	anyone watch the news this morning???????? has to do with Social Security!........things are going to get worse for this country. if that happens.....this country is in deep crap!!
“For me it’s really simple: it’s a cause I believe in. And I like the T-shirts.” Erin, a mom of two in Oregon, tells us why she decided to become one of the hundreds of thousands of people to invest in this campaign from the very beginning.	It makes me warm inside to see that most people who hate Obama have the grammar of a third grader, and therefore will probably miss the polls yet again.
Have you accepted our challenge yet to bring 50 new people into this campaign for President Obama's 50th? Doing real organizing to get folks involved is the single best way to support this campaign.	It's getting harder to defend you among my friends, Mr. President. 50 is a big goal to ask for given what's been happening lately.
"We’re going to resolve this, and we’re going to resolve this for a reasonable period of time, and we’re going to resolve it in a serious way," the President said in a news conference on debt negotiations yesterday.	I cannot, in good conscience, support someone who advocates cutting Social Security and Medicare in order to make a deal with the devil.
We've been asking a lot of you—and in the first major test of this campaign, you delivered.Over 495,000 folks donated to own a piece of this campaign in its first quarter.As a reminder of why we're working so hard to get the President re-elected, take a look at a short video from earlier this week.	Mr. President, We've been asking a lot of the democratic congress, party, and administration...no one has delivered. Would a second term accomplish anymore than this 1st one?
Today marks the 40th anniversary of the 26th Amendment – which lowered the voting age from 21 to 18, empowering young people to get more involved in the political process.	And thanks to the 26th Amendment I was part of the first group of 18 year olds to vote in the 1972 election for president of the USA.
It's a big moment: 475,000 donors now own a piece of this campaign. Thank you, everyone. http://OFA.BO/gPr8ve	You own a piece of the corruptionCongratulations to the sheeple
The First Lady is in Africa this week. “I think the most moving part of my trip so far was seeing 92-year-old Nelson Mandela, and just thinking about his life," she says. "This man has lived through a struggle that few nations have known.”	I think the picture of Michelle Obama with Nelson Mandela was an inspiration.  Maybe a lot of you do not remember where their race was just a few generations ago.
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011	Barack Obama my 2012 president
